---
title: "aws.autoscaling.scaling_policy"
weight: 20
---

{{< tabs "functions" >}}
{{< tab "absent" >}}

```
**Autogenerated function**

Deletes the specified scaling policy.Deleting either a step scaling policy or a simple scaling policy deletes
the underlying alarm action, but does not delete the alarm, even if it no longer has an associated action.

Args:
    name(Text): The name or Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the scaling policy.
    auto_scaling_group_name(Text): The name of the Auto Scaling group.
    resource_id(Text, optional): policy name of an autoScalingGroup's policy.

Returns:
    Dict[str, Any]

Examples:

    code-block:: sls

        rds_scaling_policy_name:
          aws.autoscaling.scaling_policy.absent:
            - name: rds_scaling_policy
            - auto_scaling_group_name: rds_autoscaling_group
            - resource_id: rds_autoscaling_group/rds_autoscaling_policy
```
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "describe" >}}

```
**Autogenerated function**

Describe the resource in a way that can be recreated/managed with the corresponding "present" function
Describes the AutoScaling scaling policies in the account and Region.

Returns:
    Dict[str, Any]

Examples:

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ idem describe aws.autoscaling.scaling_policy
```
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "present" >}}

```
**Autogenerated function**

Creates or updates a scaling policy for an Auto Scaling group. Scaling policies are used to scale an Auto
Scaling group based on configurable metrics. If no policies are defined, the dynamic scaling and predictive
scaling features are not used.  For more information about using dynamic scaling, see Target tracking scaling
policies and Step and simple scaling policies in the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide. For more information
about using predictive scaling, see Predictive scaling for Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling in the Amazon EC2 Auto
Scaling User Guide. You can view the scaling policies for an Auto Scaling group using the DescribePolicies API
call. If you are no longer using a scaling policy, you can delete it by calling the DeletePolicy API.

Args:
    name(Text): The name of the scaling policy.
    auto_scaling_group_name(Text): The name of the Auto Scaling group.
    resource_id(Text, optional): policy name of an autoScalingGroup's policy.
    policy_type(Text, optional): One of the following policy types:     TargetTrackingScaling     StepScaling     SimpleScaling
        (default)    PredictiveScaling. Defaults to None.
    adjustment_type(Text, optional): Specifies how the scaling adjustment is interpreted (for example, an absolute number or a
        percentage). The valid values are ChangeInCapacity, ExactCapacity, and PercentChangeInCapacity.
        Required if the policy type is StepScaling or SimpleScaling. For more information, see Scaling
        adjustment types in the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide. Defaults to None.
    min_adjustment_step(int, optional): Available for backward compatibility. Use MinAdjustmentMagnitude instead. Defaults to None.
    min_adjustment_magnitude(int, optional): The minimum value to scale by when the adjustment type is PercentChangeInCapacity. For example,
        suppose that you create a step scaling policy to scale out an Auto Scaling group by 25 percent
        and you specify a MinAdjustmentMagnitude of 2. If the group has 4 instances and the scaling
        policy is performed, 25 percent of 4 is 1. However, because you specified a
        MinAdjustmentMagnitude of 2, Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling scales out the group by 2 instances. Valid
        only if the policy type is StepScaling or SimpleScaling. For more information, see Scaling
        adjustment types in the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide.  Some Auto Scaling groups use
        instance weights. In this case, set the MinAdjustmentMagnitude to a value that is at least as
        large as your largest instance weight. Defaults to None.
    scaling_adjustment(int, optional): The amount by which to scale, based on the specified adjustment type. A positive value adds to
        the current capacity while a negative number removes from the current capacity. For exact
        capacity, you must specify a positive value. Required if the policy type is SimpleScaling. (Not
        used with any other policy type.). Defaults to None.
    cooldown(int, optional): The duration of the policy's cooldown period, in seconds. When a cooldown period is specified
        here, it overrides the default cooldown period defined for the Auto Scaling group. Valid only if
        the policy type is SimpleScaling. For more information, see Scaling cooldowns for Amazon EC2
        Auto Scaling in the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide. Defaults to None.
    metric_aggregation_type(Text, optional): The aggregation type for the CloudWatch metrics. The valid values are Minimum, Maximum, and
        Average. If the aggregation type is null, the value is treated as Average. Valid only if the
        policy type is StepScaling. Defaults to None.
    step_adjustments(List[Dict[str, Any]], optional): A set of adjustments that enable you to scale based on the size of the alarm breach. Required if
        the policy type is StepScaling. (Not used with any other policy type.). Defaults to None.
        * MetricIntervalLowerBound (float, optional): The lower bound for the difference between the alarm threshold and the CloudWatch metric. If the
            metric value is above the breach threshold, the lower bound is inclusive (the metric must be
            greater than or equal to the threshold plus the lower bound). Otherwise, it is exclusive (the
            metric must be greater than the threshold plus the lower bound). A null value indicates negative
            infinity.
        * MetricIntervalUpperBound (float, optional): The upper bound for the difference between the alarm threshold and the CloudWatch metric. If the
            metric value is above the breach threshold, the upper bound is exclusive (the metric must be
            less than the threshold plus the upper bound). Otherwise, it is inclusive (the metric must be
            less than or equal to the threshold plus the upper bound). A null value indicates positive
            infinity. The upper bound must be greater than the lower bound.
        * ScalingAdjustment (int): The amount by which to scale, based on the specified adjustment type. A positive value adds to
            the current capacity while a negative number removes from the current capacity.
    estimated_instance_warmup(int, optional): The estimated time, in seconds, until a newly launched instance can contribute to the CloudWatch
        metrics. If not provided, the default is to use the value from the default cooldown period for
        the Auto Scaling group. Valid only if the policy type is TargetTrackingScaling or StepScaling. Defaults to None.
    target_tracking_configuration(Dict[str, Any], optional): A target tracking scaling policy. Provides support for predefined or custom metrics. The
        following predefined metrics are available:    ASGAverageCPUUtilization     ASGAverageNetworkIn
        ASGAverageNetworkOut     ALBRequestCountPerTarget    If you specify ALBRequestCountPerTarget for
        the metric, you must specify the ResourceLabel parameter with the PredefinedMetricSpecification.
        For more information, see TargetTrackingConfiguration in the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling API
        Reference. Required if the policy type is TargetTrackingScaling. Defaults to None.
        * PredefinedMetricSpecification (Dict[str, Any], optional): A predefined metric. You must specify either a predefined metric or a customized metric.
            * PredefinedMetricType (Text): The metric type. The following predefined metrics are available:    ASGAverageCPUUtilization -
                Average CPU utilization of the Auto Scaling group.    ASGAverageNetworkIn - Average number of
                bytes received (per instance per minute) for the Auto Scaling group.    ASGAverageNetworkOut -
                Average number of bytes sent out (per instance per minute) for the Auto Scaling group.
                ALBRequestCountPerTarget - Average Application Load Balancer request count (per target per
                minute) for your Auto Scaling group.
            * ResourceLabel (Text, optional): A label that uniquely identifies a specific Application Load Balancer target group from which to
                determine the average request count served by your Auto Scaling group. You can't specify a
                resource label unless the target group is attached to the Auto Scaling group. You create the
                resource label by appending the final portion of the load balancer ARN and the final portion of
                the target group ARN into a single value, separated by a forward slash (/). The format of the
                resource label is:  app/my-alb/778d41231b141a0f/targetgroup/my-alb-target-
                group/943f017f100becff. Where:   app/<load-balancer-name>/<load-balancer-id> is the final
                portion of the load balancer ARN   targetgroup/<target-group-name>/<target-group-id> is the
                final portion of the target group ARN.   To find the ARN for an Application Load Balancer, use
                the DescribeLoadBalancers API operation. To find the ARN for the target group, use the
                DescribeTargetGroups API operation.
        * CustomizedMetricSpecification (Dict[str, Any], optional): A customized metric. You must specify either a predefined metric or a customized metric.
            * MetricName (Text): The name of the metric. To get the exact metric name, namespace, and dimensions, inspect the
        Metric object that is returned by a call to ListMetrics.
            * Namespace (Text): The namespace of the metric.
            * Dimensions (List[Dict[str, Any]], optional): The dimensions of the metric. Conditional: If you published your metric with dimensions, you
                must specify the same dimensions in your scaling policy.
                * Name (Text): The name of the dimension.
                * Value (Text): The value of the dimension.
            * Statistic (Text): The statistic of the metric.
            * Unit (Text, optional): The unit of the metric. For a complete list of the units that CloudWatch supports, see the
                MetricDatum data type in the Amazon CloudWatch API Reference.
        * TargetValue (float): The target value for the metric.  Some metrics are based on a count instead of a percentage,
            such as the request count for an Application Load Balancer or the number of messages in an SQS
            queue. If the scaling policy specifies one of these metrics, specify the target utilization as
            the optimal average request or message count per instance during any one-minute interval.
        * DisableScaleIn (bool, optional): Indicates whether scaling in by the target tracking scaling policy is disabled. If scaling in is
            disabled, the target tracking scaling policy doesn't remove instances from the Auto Scaling
            group. Otherwise, the target tracking scaling policy can remove instances from the Auto Scaling
            group. The default is false.
    enabled(bool, optional): Indicates whether the scaling policy is enabled or disabled. The default is enabled. For more
        information, see Disabling a scaling policy for an Auto Scaling group in the Amazon EC2 Auto
        Scaling User Guide. Defaults to None.
    predictive_scaling_configuration(Dict[str, Any], optional): A predictive scaling policy. Provides support for predefined and custom metrics. Predefined
        metrics include CPU utilization, network in/out, and the Application Load Balancer request
        count. For more information, see PredictiveScalingConfiguration in the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
        API Reference. Required if the policy type is PredictiveScaling. Defaults to None.
        * MetricSpecifications (List[Dict[str, Any]]): This structure includes the metrics and target utilization to use for predictive scaling.  This
            is an array, but we currently only support a single metric specification. That is, you can
            specify a target value and a single metric pair, or a target value and one scaling metric and
            one load metric.
            * TargetValue (float): Specifies the target utilization.  Some metrics are based on a count instead of a percentage,
                such as the request count for an Application Load Balancer or the number of messages in an SQS
                queue. If the scaling policy specifies one of these metrics, specify the target utilization as
                the optimal average request or message count per instance during any one-minute interval.
            * PredefinedMetricPairSpecification (Dict[str, Any], optional): The predefined metric pair specification from which Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling determines the
                appropriate scaling metric and load metric to use.
                * PredefinedMetricType (Text): Indicates which metrics to use. There are two different types of metrics for each metric type:
                    one is a load metric and one is a scaling metric. For example, if the metric type is
                    ASGCPUUtilization, the Auto Scaling group's total CPU metric is used as the load metric, and the
                    average CPU metric is used for the scaling metric.
                * ResourceLabel (Text, optional): A label that uniquely identifies a specific Application Load Balancer target group from which to
                    determine the total and average request count served by your Auto Scaling group. You can't
                    specify a resource label unless the target group is attached to the Auto Scaling group. You
                    create the resource label by appending the final portion of the load balancer ARN and the final
                    portion of the target group ARN into a single value, separated by a forward slash (/). The
                    format of the resource label is:  app/my-alb/778d41231b141a0f/targetgroup/my-alb-target-
                    group/943f017f100becff. Where:   app/<load-balancer-name>/<load-balancer-id> is the final
                    portion of the load balancer ARN   targetgroup/<target-group-name>/<target-group-id> is the
                    final portion of the target group ARN.   To find the ARN for an Application Load Balancer, use
                    the DescribeLoadBalancers API operation. To find the ARN for the target group, use the
                    DescribeTargetGroups API operation.
            * PredefinedScalingMetricSpecification (Dict[str, Any], optional): The predefined scaling metric specification.
                * PredefinedMetricType (Text): The metric type.
                * ResourceLabel (Text, optional): A label that uniquely identifies a specific Application Load Balancer target group from which to
                    determine the average request count served by your Auto Scaling group. You can't specify a
                    resource label unless the target group is attached to the Auto Scaling group. You create the
                    resource label by appending the final portion of the load balancer ARN and the final portion of
                    the target group ARN into a single value, separated by a forward slash (/). The format of the
                    resource label is:  app/my-alb/778d41231b141a0f/targetgroup/my-alb-target-
                    group/943f017f100becff. Where:   app/<load-balancer-name>/<load-balancer-id> is the final
                    portion of the load balancer ARN   targetgroup/<target-group-name>/<target-group-id> is the
                    final portion of the target group ARN.   To find the ARN for an Application Load Balancer, use
                    the DescribeLoadBalancers API operation. To find the ARN for the target group, use the
                    DescribeTargetGroups API operation.
            * PredefinedLoadMetricSpecification (Dict[str, Any], optional): The predefined load metric specification.
                * PredefinedMetricType (Text): The metric type.
                * ResourceLabel (Text, optional): A label that uniquely identifies a specific Application Load Balancer target group from which to
                    determine the request count served by your Auto Scaling group. You can't specify a resource
                    label unless the target group is attached to the Auto Scaling group. You create the resource
                    label by appending the final portion of the load balancer ARN and the final portion of the
                    target group ARN into a single value, separated by a forward slash (/). The format of the
                    resource label is:  app/my-alb/778d41231b141a0f/targetgroup/my-alb-target-
                    group/943f017f100becff. Where:   app/<load-balancer-name>/<load-balancer-id> is the final
                    portion of the load balancer ARN   targetgroup/<target-group-name>/<target-group-id> is the
                    final portion of the target group ARN.   To find the ARN for an Application Load Balancer, use
                    the DescribeLoadBalancers API operation. To find the ARN for the target group, use the
                    DescribeTargetGroups API operation.
            * CustomizedScalingMetricSpecification (Dict[str, Any], optional): The customized scaling metric specification.
                * MetricDataQueries (List[Dict[str, Any]]): One or more metric data queries to provide the data points for a scaling metric. Use multiple
                    metric data queries only if you are performing a math expression on returned data.
                    * Id (Text): A short name that identifies the object's results in the response. This name must be unique
                        among all MetricDataQuery objects specified for a single scaling policy. If you are performing
                        math expressions on this set of data, this name represents that data and can serve as a variable
                        in the mathematical expression. The valid characters are letters, numbers, and underscores. The
                        first character must be a lowercase letter.
                    * Expression (Text, optional): The math expression to perform on the returned data, if this object is performing a math
                        expression. This expression can use the Id of the other metrics to refer to those metrics, and
                        can also use the Id of other expressions to use the result of those expressions.  Conditional:
                        Within each MetricDataQuery object, you must specify either Expression or MetricStat, but not
                        both.
                    * MetricStat (Dict[str, Any], optional): Information about the metric data to return. Conditional: Within each MetricDataQuery object,
                        you must specify either Expression or MetricStat, but not both.
                        * Metric (Dict[str, Any]): The CloudWatch metric to return, including the metric name, namespace, and dimensions. To get
                            the exact metric name, namespace, and dimensions, inspect the Metric object that is returned by
                            a call to ListMetrics.
                            * Namespace (Text): The namespace of the metric. For more information, see the table in Amazon Web Services services
                                that publish CloudWatch metrics  in the Amazon CloudWatch User Guide.
                            * MetricName (Text): The name of the metric.
                            * Dimensions (List[Dict[str, Any]], optional): The dimensions for the metric. For the list of available dimensions, see the Amazon Web Services
                                documentation available from the table in Amazon Web Services services that publish CloudWatch
                                metrics  in the Amazon CloudWatch User Guide.  Conditional: If you published your metric with
                                dimensions, you must specify the same dimensions in your scaling policy.
                                * Name (Text): The name of the dimension.
                                * Value (Text): The value of the dimension.
                        * Stat (Text): The statistic to return. It can include any CloudWatch statistic or extended statistic. For a
                            list of valid values, see the table in Statistics in the Amazon CloudWatch User Guide. The most
                            commonly used metrics for predictive scaling are Average and Sum.
                        * Unit (Text, optional): The unit to use for the returned data points. For a complete list of the units that CloudWatch
                            supports, see the MetricDatum data type in the Amazon CloudWatch API Reference.
                    * Label (Text, optional): A human-readable label for this metric or expression. This is especially useful if this is a
                        math expression, so that you know what the value represents.
                    * ReturnData (bool, optional): Indicates whether to return the timestamps and raw data values of this metric.  If you use any
                        math expressions, specify true for this value for only the final math expression that the metric
                        specification is based on. You must specify false for ReturnData for all the other metrics and
                        expressions used in the metric specification. If you are only retrieving metrics and not
                        performing any math expressions, do not specify anything for ReturnData. This sets it to its
                        default (true).
            * CustomizedLoadMetricSpecification (Dict[str, Any], optional): The customized load metric specification.
                * MetricDataQueries (List['MetricDataQuery']): One or more metric data queries to provide the data points for a load metric. Use multiple
                    metric data queries only if you are performing a math expression on returned data.
            * CustomizedCapacityMetricSpecification (Dict[str, Any], optional): The customized capacity metric specification.
                * MetricDataQueries (List['MetricDataQuery']): One or more metric data queries to provide the data points for a capacity metric. Use multiple
                    metric data queries only if you are performing a math expression on returned data.
        * Mode (Text, optional): The predictive scaling mode. Defaults to ForecastOnly if not specified.
        * SchedulingBufferTime (int, optional): The amount of time, in seconds, by which the instance launch time can be advanced. For example,
            the forecast says to add capacity at 10:00 AM, and you choose to pre-launch instances by 5
            minutes. In that case, the instances will be launched at 9:55 AM. The intention is to give
            resources time to be provisioned. It can take a few minutes to launch an EC2 instance. The
            actual amount of time required depends on several factors, such as the size of the instance and
            whether there are startup scripts to complete.  The value must be less than the forecast
            interval duration of 3600 seconds (60 minutes). Defaults to 300 seconds if not specified.
        * MaxCapacityBreachBehavior (Text, optional): Defines the behavior that should be applied if the forecast capacity approaches or exceeds the
            maximum capacity of the Auto Scaling group. Defaults to HonorMaxCapacity if not specified. The
            following are possible values:    HonorMaxCapacity - Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling cannot scale out
            capacity higher than the maximum capacity. The maximum capacity is enforced as a hard limit.
            IncreaseMaxCapacity - Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling can scale out capacity higher than the maximum
            capacity when the forecast capacity is close to or exceeds the maximum capacity. The upper limit
            is determined by the forecasted capacity and the value for MaxCapacityBuffer.
        * MaxCapacityBuffer (int, optional): The size of the capacity buffer to use when the forecast capacity is close to or exceeds the
            maximum capacity. The value is specified as a percentage relative to the forecast capacity. For
            example, if the buffer is 10, this means a 10 percent buffer, such that if the forecast capacity
            is 50, and the maximum capacity is 40, then the effective maximum capacity is 55. If set to 0,
            Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling may scale capacity higher than the maximum capacity to equal but not
            exceed forecast capacity.  Required if the MaxCapacityBreachBehavior property is set to
            IncreaseMaxCapacity, and cannot be used otherwise.

Request Syntax:
    [scaling_policy_name]:
      aws.autoscaling.scaling_policy.present:
        - name: 'string'
        - policy_name: 'string'
        - auto_scaling_group_name: 'string'
        - policy_type: 'string'
        - adjustment_type: 'string'
        - min_adjustment_step: 'int'
        - min_adjustment_magnitude: 'int'
        - scaling_adjustment: 'int'
        - cooldown: 'int'
        - metric_aggregation_type: 'string'
        - step_adjustments:
            - ScalingAdjustment: 'int'
              MetricIntervalLowerBound: 'float'
              MetricIntervalUpperBound: 'float'
        - estimated_instance_warmup: 'int'
        - target_tracking_configuration:
            TargetValue: 'float'
            PredefinedMetricSpecification:
                PredefinedMetricType: 'string'
                ResourceLabel: 'string'
            CustomizedMetricSpecification:
                MetricName: 'string'
                Namespace: 'string'
                Statistic:
                    Dimensions:
                        - MetricDimension:
                            - Name: 'string'
                              Value: 'string'
                Unit: 'string'
            DisableScaleIn: 'boolean'
        - enabled: 'boolean'
        - predictive_scaling_configuration:
            MetricSpecifications:
                - TargetValue: 'float'
                  PredefinedMetricPairSpecification:
                    PredefinedMetricType: 'string'
                    ResourceLabel: 'string'
                  PredefinedScalingMetricSpecification:
                    PredefinedMetricType: 'string'
                    ResourceLabel: 'string'
                  PredefinedLoadMetricSpecification:
                    PredefinedMetricType: 'string'
                    ResourceLabel: 'string'
                  CustomizedScalingMetricSpecification
                    MetricDataQueries:
                        - Id: 'string'
                          Expression: 'string'
                          MetricStat:
                            Metric:
                                Namespace: 'string'
                                MetricName: 'string'
                                Dimensions
                                    - Name: 'string'
                                      Value: 'string'
                            Stat: 'string'
                            Unit: 'string'
                          Label: 'string'
                          ReturnData: 'string'
                  CustomizedLoadMetricSpecification
                    MetricDataQueries:
                        - Id: 'string'
                          Expression: 'string'
                          MetricStat:
                            Metric:
                                Namespace: 'string'
                                MetricName: 'string'
                                Dimensions
                                    - Name: 'string'
                                      Value: 'string'
                            Stat: 'string'
                            Unit: 'string'
                          Label: 'string'
                          ReturnData: 'string'
                  CustomizedCapacityMetricSpecification
                    MetricDataQueries:
                        - Id: 'string'
                          Expression: 'string'
                          MetricStat:
                            Metric:
                                Namespace: 'string'
                                MetricName: 'string'
                                Dimensions
                                    - Name: 'string'
                                      Value: 'string'
                            Stat: 'string'
                            Unit: 'string'
                          Label: 'string'
                          ReturnData: 'string'
            SchedulingBufferTime: 'int'
            MaxCapacityBreachBehavior: 'string'
            MaxCapacityBuffer: 'int'


Returns:
    Dict[str, Any]

Examples:

    .. code-block:: sls

        idem_test_autoscaling_policy:
          aws.autoscaling.scaling_policy.present:
              - auto_scaling_group_name: idem-test-autoscaling-group
              - policy_name: idem-test-scaling-policy
              - policy_type: StepScaling
              - adjustment_type: PercentChangeInCapacity
              - min_adjustment_step: 1
              - min_adjustment_magnitude: 1
              - cooldown: 20
              - metric_aggregation_type: Average
              - enabled: true
              - step_adjustments:
                - MetricIntervalLowerBound: 0.0
                  MetricIntervalUpperBound: 15.0
                  ScalingAdjustment: 1
                - MetricIntervalLowerBound: 15.0
                  MetricIntervalUpperBound: 25.0
                  ScalingAdjustment: 2
                - MetricIntervalLowerBound: 25.0
                  ScalingAdjustment: 3
```
{{< /tab >}}

{{< /tabs >}}


Full plugin documentation is available on the Idem documentation site - [aws.autoscaling.scaling_policy](https://docs.idemproject.io/idem-aws/en/latest/ref/states/autoscaling/scaling_policy.html).
