---
title: "aws.application_autoscaling.scaling_policy"
weight: 20
---

{{< tabs "functions" >}}
{{< tab "absent" >}}

```
**Autogenerated function**

Deletes the specified scaling policy for an Application Auto Scaling scalable target. Deleting a step scaling
policy deletes the underlying alarm action, but does not delete the CloudWatch alarm associated with the scaling
policy, even if it no longer has an associated action. For more information, see Delete a step scaling policy
and Delete a target tracking scaling policy in the Application Auto Scaling User Guide.

Args:
    name(Text): An Idem name of the resource.
    resource_id(Text, optional): An identifier of the resource in the provider.
    policy_name(Text): The name of the scaling policy.
    service_namespace(Text): The namespace of the Amazon Web Services service that provides the resource. For a resource
        provided by your own application or service, use custom-resource instead.
    scaling_resource_id(Text): The identifier of the resource associated with the scalable target. This string consists of the
        resource type and unique identifier.   ECS service - The resource type is service and the unique
        identifier is the cluster name and service name. Example: service/default/sample-webapp.   Spot
        Fleet - The resource type is spot-fleet-request and the unique identifier is the Spot Fleet
        request ID. Example: spot-fleet-request/sfr-73fbd2ce-aa30-494c-8788-1cee4EXAMPLE.   EMR cluster
        - The resource type is instancegroup and the unique identifier is the cluster ID and instance
        group ID. Example: instancegroup/j-2EEZNYKUA1NTV/ig-1791Y4E1L8YI0.   AppStream 2.0 fleet - The
        resource type is fleet and the unique identifier is the fleet name. Example: fleet/sample-fleet.
        DynamoDB table - The resource type is table and the unique identifier is the table name.
        Example: table/my-table.   DynamoDB global secondary index - The resource type is index and the
        unique identifier is the index name. Example: table/my-table/index/my-table-index.   Aurora DB
        cluster - The resource type is cluster and the unique identifier is the cluster name. Example:
        cluster:my-db-cluster.   SageMaker endpoint variant - The resource type is variant and the
        unique identifier is the resource ID. Example: endpoint/my-end-point/variant/KMeansClustering.
        Custom resources are not supported with a resource type. This parameter must specify the
        OutputValue from the CloudFormation template stack used to access the resources. The unique
        identifier is defined by the service provider. More information is available in our GitHub
        repository.   Amazon Comprehend document classification endpoint - The resource type and unique
        identifier are specified using the endpoint ARN. Example: arn:aws:comprehend:us-
        west-2:123456789012:document-classifier-endpoint/EXAMPLE.   Amazon Comprehend entity recognizer
        endpoint - The resource type and unique identifier are specified using the endpoint ARN.
        Example: arn:aws:comprehend:us-west-2:123456789012:entity-recognizer-endpoint/EXAMPLE.   Lambda
        provisioned concurrency - The resource type is function and the unique identifier is the
        function name with a function version or alias name suffix that is not $LATEST. Example:
        function:my-function:prod or function:my-function:1.   Amazon Keyspaces table - The resource
        type is table and the unique identifier is the table name. Example:
        keyspace/mykeyspace/table/mytable.   Amazon MSK cluster - The resource type and unique
        identifier are specified using the cluster ARN. Example: arn:aws:kafka:us-
        east-1:123456789012:cluster/demo-cluster-1/6357e0b2-0e6a-4b86-a0b4-70df934c2e31-5.   Amazon
        ElastiCache replication group - The resource type is replication-group and the unique identifier
        is the replication group name. Example: replication-group/mycluster.   Neptune cluster - The
        resource type is cluster and the unique identifier is the cluster name. Example:
        cluster:mycluster.
    scalable_dimension(Text): The scalable dimension. This string consists of the service namespace, resource type, and
        scaling property.    ecs:service:DesiredCount - The desired task count of an ECS service.
        elasticmapreduce:instancegroup:InstanceCount - The instance count of an EMR Instance Group.
        ec2:spot-fleet-request:TargetCapacity - The target capacity of a Spot Fleet.
        appstream:fleet:DesiredCapacity - The desired capacity of an AppStream 2.0 fleet.
        dynamodb:table:ReadCapacityUnits - The provisioned read capacity for a DynamoDB table.
        dynamodb:table:WriteCapacityUnits - The provisioned write capacity for a DynamoDB table.
        dynamodb:index:ReadCapacityUnits - The provisioned read capacity for a DynamoDB global secondary
        index.    dynamodb:index:WriteCapacityUnits - The provisioned write capacity for a DynamoDB
        global secondary index.    rds:cluster:ReadReplicaCount - The count of Aurora Replicas in an
        Aurora DB cluster. Available for Aurora MySQL-compatible edition and Aurora PostgreSQL-
        compatible edition.    sagemaker:variant:DesiredInstanceCount - The number of EC2 instances for
        an SageMaker model endpoint variant.    custom-resource:ResourceType:Property - The scalable
        dimension for a custom resource provided by your own application or service.
        comprehend:document-classifier-endpoint:DesiredInferenceUnits - The number of inference units
        for an Amazon Comprehend document classification endpoint.    comprehend:entity-recognizer-
        endpoint:DesiredInferenceUnits - The number of inference units for an Amazon Comprehend entity
        recognizer endpoint.    lambda:function:ProvisionedConcurrency - The provisioned concurrency for
        a Lambda function.    cassandra:table:ReadCapacityUnits - The provisioned read capacity for an
        Amazon Keyspaces table.    cassandra:table:WriteCapacityUnits - The provisioned write capacity
        for an Amazon Keyspaces table.    kafka:broker-storage:VolumeSize - The provisioned volume size
        (in GiB) for brokers in an Amazon MSK cluster.    elasticache:replication-group:NodeGroups - The
        number of node groups for an Amazon ElastiCache replication group.    elasticache:replication-
        group:Replicas - The number of replicas per node group for an Amazon ElastiCache replication
        group.    neptune:cluster:ReadReplicaCount - The count of read replicas in an Amazon Neptune DB
        cluster.

Returns:
    Dict[str, Any]

Examples:

    .. code-block:: sls

        rds_scaling_policy_name:
          aws.application_autoscaling.scaling_policy.absent:
            - name: rds_scaling_policy
            - policy_name: rds_scaling_policy
            - service_namespace: rds
            - scalable_dimension: rds:cluster:ReadReplicaCount
            - scaling_resource_id: idem-test-rds-aurora-table
```
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "describe" >}}

```
**Autogenerated function**

Describe the resource in a way that can be recreated/managed with the corresponding "present" function


Describes the Application Auto Scaling scaling policies for the specified service namespace. You can filter the
results using ResourceId, ScalableDimension, and PolicyNames. For more information, see Target tracking scaling
policies and Step scaling policies in the Application Auto Scaling User Guide.

Returns:
    Dict[str, Dict[str, Any]]

Examples:

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ idem describe aws.application_autoscaling.scaling_policy
```
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "present" >}}

```
**Autogenerated function**

Creates or updates a scaling policy for an Application Auto Scaling scalable target. Each scalable target is
identified by a service namespace, resource ID, and scalable dimension. A scaling policy applies to the scalable
target identified by those three attributes. You cannot create a scaling policy until you have registered the
resource as a scalable target. Multiple scaling policies can be in force at the same time for the same scalable
target. You can have one or more target tracking scaling policies, one or more step scaling policies, or both.
However, there is a chance that multiple policies could conflict, instructing the scalable target to scale out
or in at the same time. Application Auto Scaling gives precedence to the policy that provides the largest
capacity for both scale out and scale in. For example, if one policy increases capacity by 3, another policy
increases capacity by 200 percent, and the current capacity is 10, Application Auto Scaling uses the policy with
the highest calculated capacity (200% of 10 = 20) and scales out to 30.  We recommend caution, however, when
using target tracking scaling policies with step scaling policies because conflicts between these policies can
cause undesirable behavior. For example, if the step scaling policy initiates a scale-in activity before the
target tracking policy is ready to scale in, the scale-in activity will not be blocked. After the scale-in
activity completes, the target tracking policy could instruct the scalable target to scale out again.  For more
information, see Target tracking scaling policies and Step scaling policies in the Application Auto Scaling User
Guide.  If a scalable target is deregistered, the scalable target is no longer available to execute scaling
policies. Any scaling policies that were specified for the scalable target are deleted.

Args:
    name(Text): An Idem name of the resource.
    resource_id(Text, optional): An identifier of the resource in the provider. Defaults to None.

    policy_name(Text): The name of the scaling policy.
    service_namespace(Text): The namespace of the Amazon Web Services service that provides the resource. For a resource
        provided by your own application or service, use custom-resource instead.
    scaling_resource_id(Text): The identifier of the resource associated with the scaling policy. This string consists of the
        resource type and unique identifier.   ECS service - The resource type is service and the unique
        identifier is the cluster name and service name. Example: service/default/sample-webapp.   Spot
        Fleet - The resource type is spot-fleet-request and the unique identifier is the Spot Fleet
        request ID. Example: spot-fleet-request/sfr-73fbd2ce-aa30-494c-8788-1cee4EXAMPLE.   EMR cluster
        - The resource type is instancegroup and the unique identifier is the cluster ID and instance
        group ID. Example: instancegroup/j-2EEZNYKUA1NTV/ig-1791Y4E1L8YI0.   AppStream 2.0 fleet - The
        resource type is fleet and the unique identifier is the fleet name. Example: fleet/sample-fleet.
        DynamoDB table - The resource type is table and the unique identifier is the table name.
        Example: table/my-table.   DynamoDB global secondary index - The resource type is index and the
        unique identifier is the index name. Example: table/my-table/index/my-table-index.   Aurora DB
        cluster - The resource type is cluster and the unique identifier is the cluster name. Example:
        cluster:my-db-cluster.   SageMaker endpoint variant - The resource type is variant and the
        unique identifier is the resource ID. Example: endpoint/my-end-point/variant/KMeansClustering.
        Custom resources are not supported with a resource type. This parameter must specify the
        OutputValue from the CloudFormation template stack used to access the resources. The unique
        identifier is defined by the service provider. More information is available in our GitHub
        repository.   Amazon Comprehend document classification endpoint - The resource type and unique
        identifier are specified using the endpoint ARN. Example: arn:aws:comprehend:us-
        west-2:123456789012:document-classifier-endpoint/EXAMPLE.   Amazon Comprehend entity recognizer
        endpoint - The resource type and unique identifier are specified using the endpoint ARN.
        Example: arn:aws:comprehend:us-west-2:123456789012:entity-recognizer-endpoint/EXAMPLE.   Lambda
        provisioned concurrency - The resource type is function and the unique identifier is the
        function name with a function version or alias name suffix that is not $LATEST. Example:
        function:my-function:prod or function:my-function:1.   Amazon Keyspaces table - The resource
        type is table and the unique identifier is the table name. Example:
        keyspace/mykeyspace/table/mytable.   Amazon MSK cluster - The resource type and unique
        identifier are specified using the cluster ARN. Example: arn:aws:kafka:us-
        east-1:123456789012:cluster/demo-cluster-1/6357e0b2-0e6a-4b86-a0b4-70df934c2e31-5.   Amazon
        ElastiCache replication group - The resource type is replication-group and the unique identifier
        is the replication group name. Example: replication-group/mycluster.   Neptune cluster - The
        resource type is cluster and the unique identifier is the cluster name. Example:
        cluster:mycluster.
    scalable_dimension(Text): The scalable dimension. This string consists of the service namespace, resource type, and
        scaling property.    ecs:service:DesiredCount - The desired task count of an ECS service.
        elasticmapreduce:instancegroup:InstanceCount - The instance count of an EMR Instance Group.
        ec2:spot-fleet-request:TargetCapacity - The target capacity of a Spot Fleet.
        appstream:fleet:DesiredCapacity - The desired capacity of an AppStream 2.0 fleet.
        dynamodb:table:ReadCapacityUnits - The provisioned read capacity for a DynamoDB table.
        dynamodb:table:WriteCapacityUnits - The provisioned write capacity for a DynamoDB table.
        dynamodb:index:ReadCapacityUnits - The provisioned read capacity for a DynamoDB global secondary
        index.    dynamodb:index:WriteCapacityUnits - The provisioned write capacity for a DynamoDB
        global secondary index.    rds:cluster:ReadReplicaCount - The count of Aurora Replicas in an
        Aurora DB cluster. Available for Aurora MySQL-compatible edition and Aurora PostgreSQL-
        compatible edition.    sagemaker:variant:DesiredInstanceCount - The number of EC2 instances for
        an SageMaker model endpoint variant.    custom-resource:ResourceType:Property - The scalable
        dimension for a custom resource provided by your own application or service.
        comprehend:document-classifier-endpoint:DesiredInferenceUnits - The number of inference units
        for an Amazon Comprehend document classification endpoint.    comprehend:entity-recognizer-
        endpoint:DesiredInferenceUnits - The number of inference units for an Amazon Comprehend entity
        recognizer endpoint.    lambda:function:ProvisionedConcurrency - The provisioned concurrency for
        a Lambda function.    cassandra:table:ReadCapacityUnits - The provisioned read capacity for an
        Amazon Keyspaces table.    cassandra:table:WriteCapacityUnits - The provisioned write capacity
        for an Amazon Keyspaces table.    kafka:broker-storage:VolumeSize - The provisioned volume size
        (in GiB) for brokers in an Amazon MSK cluster.    elasticache:replication-group:NodeGroups - The
        number of node groups for an Amazon ElastiCache replication group.    elasticache:replication-
        group:Replicas - The number of replicas per node group for an Amazon ElastiCache replication
        group.    neptune:cluster:ReadReplicaCount - The count of read replicas in an Amazon Neptune DB
        cluster.
    policy_type(Text): The policy type. This parameter is required if you are creating a scaling policy. The following
        policy types are supported:   TargetTrackingScaling—Not supported for Amazon EMR  StepScaling—
        Not supported for DynamoDB, Amazon Comprehend, Lambda, Amazon Keyspaces, Amazon MSK, Amazon
        ElastiCache, or Neptune. For more information, see Target tracking scaling policies and Step
        scaling policies in the Application Auto Scaling User Guide. Defaults to None.
    step_scaling_policy_configuration(Dict[str, Any], optional): A step scaling policy. This parameter is required if you are creating a policy and the policy
        type is StepScaling. Defaults to None.
        * AdjustmentType (Text, optional): Specifies how the ScalingAdjustment value in a StepAdjustment is interpreted (for example, an
            absolute number or a percentage). The valid values are ChangeInCapacity, ExactCapacity, and
            PercentChangeInCapacity.   AdjustmentType is required if you are adding a new step scaling
            policy configuration.
        * StepAdjustments (List[Dict[str, Any]], optional): A set of adjustments that enable you to scale based on the size of the alarm breach. At least
            one step adjustment is required if you are adding a new step scaling policy configuration.
            * MetricIntervalLowerBound (float, optional): The lower bound for the difference between the alarm threshold and the CloudWatch metric. If the
                metric value is above the breach threshold, the lower bound is inclusive (the metric must be
                greater than or equal to the threshold plus the lower bound). Otherwise, it is exclusive (the
                metric must be greater than the threshold plus the lower bound). A null value indicates negative
                infinity.
            * MetricIntervalUpperBound (float, optional): The upper bound for the difference between the alarm threshold and the CloudWatch metric. If the
                metric value is above the breach threshold, the upper bound is exclusive (the metric must be
                less than the threshold plus the upper bound). Otherwise, it is inclusive (the metric must be
                less than or equal to the threshold plus the upper bound). A null value indicates positive
                infinity. The upper bound must be greater than the lower bound.
            * ScalingAdjustment (int): The amount by which to scale, based on the specified adjustment type. A positive value adds to
                the current capacity while a negative number removes from the current capacity. For exact
                capacity, you must specify a positive value.
        * MinAdjustmentMagnitude (int, optional): The minimum value to scale by when the adjustment type is PercentChangeInCapacity. For example,
                suppose that you create a step scaling policy to scale out an Amazon ECS service by 25 percent
                and you specify a MinAdjustmentMagnitude of 2. If the service has 4 tasks and the scaling policy
                is performed, 25 percent of 4 is 1. However, because you specified a MinAdjustmentMagnitude of
                2, Application Auto Scaling scales out the service by 2 tasks.
        * Cooldown (int, optional): The amount of time, in seconds, to wait for a previous scaling activity to take effect.  With
            scale-out policies, the intention is to continuously (but not excessively) scale out. After
            Application Auto Scaling successfully scales out using a step scaling policy, it starts to
            calculate the cooldown time. The scaling policy won't increase the desired capacity again unless
            either a larger scale out is triggered or the cooldown period ends. While the cooldown period is
            in effect, capacity added by the initiating scale-out activity is calculated as part of the
            desired capacity for the next scale-out activity. For example, when an alarm triggers a step
            scaling policy to increase the capacity by 2, the scaling activity completes successfully, and a
            cooldown period starts. If the alarm triggers again during the cooldown period but at a more
            aggressive step adjustment of 3, the previous increase of 2 is considered part of the current
            capacity. Therefore, only 1 is added to the capacity. With scale-in policies, the intention is
            to scale in conservatively to protect your application’s availability, so scale-in activities
            are blocked until the cooldown period has expired. However, if another alarm triggers a scale-
            out activity during the cooldown period after a scale-in activity, Application Auto Scaling
            scales out the target immediately. In this case, the cooldown period for the scale-in activity
            stops and doesn't complete. Application Auto Scaling provides a default value of 600 for Amazon
            ElastiCache replication groups and a default value of 300 for the following scalable targets:
            AppStream 2.0 fleets   Aurora DB clusters   ECS services   EMR clusters    Neptune clusters
            SageMaker endpoint variants   Spot Fleets   Custom resources   For all other scalable targets,
            the default value is 0:   Amazon Comprehend document classification and entity recognizer
            endpoints   DynamoDB tables and global secondary indexes   Amazon Keyspaces tables   Lambda
            provisioned concurrency   Amazon MSK broker storage
        * MetricAggregationType (str, optional): The aggregation type for the CloudWatch metrics. Valid values are Minimum, Maximum, and Average.
            If the aggregation type is null, the value is treated as Average.
    target_tracking_scaling_policy_configuration(Dict[str, Any], optional): A target tracking scaling policy. Includes support for predefined or customized metrics. This
        parameter is required if you are creating a policy and the policy type is TargetTrackingScaling. Defaults to None.
        * TargetValue (float): The target value for the metric. Although this property accepts numbers of type Double, it won't
            accept values that are either too small or too large. Values must be in the range of -2^360 to
            2^360. The value must be a valid number based on the choice of metric. For example, if the
            metric is CPU utilization, then the target value is a percent value that represents how much of
            the CPU can be used before scaling out.
        * PredefinedMetricSpecification (Dict[str, Any], optional): A predefined metric. You can specify either a predefined metric or a customized metric.
            * PredefinedMetricType (Text): The metric type. The ALBRequestCountPerTarget metric type applies only to Spot Fleet requests
                and ECS services.
            * ResourceLabel (str, optional): Identifies the resource associated with the metric type. You can't specify a resource label
                unless the metric type is ALBRequestCountPerTarget and there is a target group attached to the
                Spot Fleet request or ECS service. You create the resource label by appending the final portion
                of the load balancer ARN and the final portion of the target group ARN into a single value,
                separated by a forward slash (/). The format of the resource label is:  app/my-
                alb/778d41231b141a0f/targetgroup/my-alb-target-group/943f017f100becff. Where:   app/<load-
                balancer-name>/<load-balancer-id> is the final portion of the load balancer ARN
                targetgroup/<target-group-name>/<target-group-id> is the final portion of the target group ARN.
                To find the ARN for an Application Load Balancer, use the DescribeLoadBalancers API operation.
                To find the ARN for the target group, use the DescribeTargetGroups API operation.
        * CustomizedMetricSpecification (Dict[str, Any], optional): A customized metric. You can specify either a predefined metric or a customized metric.
            * MetricName (Text): The name of the metric.
            * Namespace (Text): The namespace of the metric.
            * Dimensions (List[Dict[str, Any]], optional): The dimensions of the metric.  Conditional: If you published your metric with dimensions, you
                must specify the same dimensions in your scaling policy.
                * Name (Text): The name of the dimension.
                * Value (Text): The value of the dimension.
            * Statistic (Text): The statistic of the metric.
            * Unit (Text, optional): The unit of the metric.
        * ScaleOutCooldown (int, optional): The amount of time, in seconds, to wait for a previous scale-out activity to take effect. With
            the scale-out cooldown period, the intention is to continuously (but not excessively) scale out.
            After Application Auto Scaling successfully scales out using a target tracking scaling policy,
            it starts to calculate the cooldown time. The scaling policy won't increase the desired capacity
            again unless either a larger scale out is triggered or the cooldown period ends. While the
            cooldown period is in effect, the capacity added by the initiating scale-out activity is
            calculated as part of the desired capacity for the next scale-out activity. Application Auto
            Scaling provides a default value of 600 for Amazon ElastiCache replication groups and a default
            value of 300 for the following scalable targets:   AppStream 2.0 fleets   Aurora DB clusters
            ECS services   EMR clusters    Neptune clusters   SageMaker endpoint variants   Spot Fleets
            Custom resources   For all other scalable targets, the default value is 0:   Amazon Comprehend
            document classification and entity recognizer endpoints   DynamoDB tables and global secondary
            indexes   Amazon Keyspaces tables   Lambda provisioned concurrency   Amazon MSK broker storage
        * ScaleInCooldown (int, optional): The amount of time, in seconds, after a scale-in activity completes before another scale-in
            activity can start. With the scale-in cooldown period, the intention is to scale in
            conservatively to protect your application’s availability, so scale-in activities are blocked
            until the cooldown period has expired. However, if another alarm triggers a scale-out activity
            during the scale-in cooldown period, Application Auto Scaling scales out the target immediately.
            In this case, the scale-in cooldown period stops and doesn't complete. Application Auto Scaling
            provides a default value of 600 for Amazon ElastiCache replication groups and a default value of
            300 for the following scalable targets:   AppStream 2.0 fleets   Aurora DB clusters   ECS
            services   EMR clusters    Neptune clusters   SageMaker endpoint variants   Spot Fleets   Custom
            resources   For all other scalable targets, the default value is 0:   Amazon Comprehend document
            classification and entity recognizer endpoints   DynamoDB tables and global secondary indexes
            Amazon Keyspaces tables   Lambda provisioned concurrency   Amazon MSK broker storage
        * DisableScaleIn (bool, optional): Indicates whether scale in by the target tracking scaling policy is disabled. If the value is
            true, scale in is disabled and the target tracking scaling policy won't remove capacity from the
            scalable target. Otherwise, scale in is enabled and the target tracking scaling policy can
            remove capacity from the scalable target. The default value is false.

Request Syntax:
    [scaling_policy_name]:
      aws.application_autoscaling.scaling_policy.present:
        - name: 'string'
        - policy_name: 'string'
        - service_namespace: 'string'
        - scalable_dimension: 'string'
        - scaling_resource_id: 'string'
        - policy_type: 'string'
        - step_scaling_policy_configuration:
            AdjustmentType: 'string'
            StepAdjustments:
                - MetricIntervalLowerBound: 'int'
                  MetricIntervalUpperBound: 'int'
                  ScalingAdjustment: 'int'
                - MetricIntervalLowerBound: 'int'
                  MetricIntervalUpperBound: 'int'
                  ScalingAdjustment: 'int'
                - MetricIntervalLowerBound: 'int'
                  ScalingAdjustment: 'int'
            MinAdjustmentMagnitude: 'int'
            Cooldown: 'int'
            MetricAggregationType: 'string'


Returns:
    Dict[str, Any]

Examples:

    .. code-block:: sls

        rds_scaling_policy_name:
          aws.application_autoscaling.scaling_policy.present:
            - name: rds_scaling_policy
            - policy_name: rds_scaling_policy
            - service_namespace: rds
            - scalable_dimension: rds:cluster:ReadReplicaCount
            - scaling_resource_id: idem-test-rds-aurora-table
            - policy_type: StepScaling
            - step_scaling_policy_configuration:
                AdjustmentType: PercentChangeInCapacity
                StepAdjustments:
                    - MetricIntervalLowerBound: 0
                      MetricIntervalUpperBound: 15
                      ScalingAdjustment: 1
                    - MetricIntervalLowerBound: 15
                      MetricIntervalUpperBound: 25
                      ScalingAdjustment: 2
                    - MetricIntervalLowerBound: 25
                      ScalingAdjustment: 3
                MinAdjustmentMagnitude: 1
                Cooldown: 20
                MetricAggregationType: Average
```
{{< /tab >}}

{{< /tabs >}}


Full plugin documentation is available on the Idem documentation site - [aws.application_autoscaling.scaling_policy](https://docs.idemproject.io/idem-aws/en/latest/ref/states/application_autoscaling/scaling_policy.html).
