---
title: "aws.autoscaling.auto_scaling_group"
weight: 20
---

{{< tabs "functions" >}}
{{< tab "absent" >}}

```
**Autogenerated function**

Deletes the specified Auto Scaling group. If the group has instances or scaling activities in progress, you must
specify the option to force the deletion in order for it to succeed. If the group has policies, deleting the
group deletes the policies, the underlying alarm actions, and any alarm that no longer has an associated action.
To remove instances from the Auto Scaling group before deleting it, call the DetachInstances API with the list
of instances and the option to decrement the desired capacity. This ensures that Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling does
not launch replacement instances. To terminate all instances before deleting the Auto Scaling group, call the
UpdateAutoScalingGroup API and set the minimum size and desired capacity of the Auto Scaling group to zero.

Args:
    resource_id(Text, optional): The name of the Auto Scaling group.
    name(Text): An Idem name of the resource.
    timeout(Dict, optional): Timeout configuration for deletion of AWS auto scaling group.
        * delete (Dict) -- Timeout configuration for deletion of an auto scaling group
            * delay -- The amount of time in seconds to wait between attempts. Defaults to 15
            * max_attempts -- Customized timeout configuration containing delay and max attempts. Defaults to 40

Request Syntax:
   [auto-scaling-group-resource-id]:
        aws.autoscaling.auto_scaling_group.absent:
          - resource_id: 'string'
          - name: 'string'

Returns:
    Dict[str, Any]

Examples:

    .. code-block:: sls

        idem-scaling-group:
          aws.autoscaling.auto_scaling_group.absent:
          - resource_id: idem-scaling-group
          - name: idem-scaling-group
```
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "describe" >}}

```
**Autogenerated function**

Describe the resource in a way that can be recreated/managed with the corresponding "present" function


Gets information about the Auto Scaling groups in the account and Region.

Returns:
    Dict[str, Dict[str, Any]]

Examples:

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ idem describe aws.autoscaling.auto_scaling_group
```
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "present" >}}

```
**Autogenerated function**

 We strongly recommend using a launch template when calling this operation to ensure full functionality for
Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling and Amazon EC2.  Creates an Auto Scaling group with the specified name and attributes.
If you exceed your maximum limit of Auto Scaling groups, the call fails. To query this limit, call the
DescribeAccountLimits API. For information about updating this limit, see Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling service quotas
in the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide. For introductory exercises for creating an Auto Scaling group, see
Getting started with Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling and Tutorial: Set up a scaled and load-balanced application in the
Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide. For more information, see Auto Scaling groups in the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
User Guide. Every Auto Scaling group has three size parameters (DesiredCapacity, MaxSize, and MinSize). Usually,
you set these sizes based on a specific number of instances. However, if you configure a mixed instances policy
that defines weights for the instance types, you must specify these sizes with the same units that you use for
weighting instances.

Args:
    resource_id(Text, optional): The name of the Auto Scaling group. This name must be unique per Region per account.
    name(Text): An Idem name of the resource. This is also used as the AutoScaling Group Name during resource creation.
    launch_configuration_name(Text, optional): The name of the launch configuration to use to launch instances.  Conditional: You must specify
        either a launch template (LaunchTemplate or MixedInstancesPolicy) or a launch configuration
        (LaunchConfigurationName or InstanceId). Defaults to None.
    launch_template(Dict[str, Any], optional): Parameters used to specify the launch template and version to use to launch instances.
        Conditional: You must specify either a launch template (LaunchTemplate or MixedInstancesPolicy)
        or a launch configuration (LaunchConfigurationName or InstanceId).  The launch template that is
        specified must be configured for use with an Auto Scaling group. For more information, see
        Creating a launch template for an Auto Scaling group in the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide. Defaults to None.
        * LaunchTemplateId (str, optional): The ID of the launch template. To get the template ID, use the Amazon EC2
            DescribeLaunchTemplates API operation. New launch templates can be created using the Amazon EC2
            CreateLaunchTemplate API.  Conditional: You must specify either a LaunchTemplateId or a
            LaunchTemplateName.
        * LaunchTemplateName (str, optional): The name of the launch template. To get the template name, use the Amazon EC2
            DescribeLaunchTemplates API operation. New launch templates can be created using the Amazon EC2
            CreateLaunchTemplate API.  Conditional: You must specify either a LaunchTemplateId or a
            LaunchTemplateName.
        * Version (str, optional): The version number, $Latest, or $Default. To get the version number, use the Amazon EC2
            DescribeLaunchTemplateVersions API operation. New launch template versions can be created using
            the Amazon EC2 CreateLaunchTemplateVersion API. If the value is $Latest, Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
            selects the latest version of the launch template when launching instances. If the value is
            $Default, Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling selects the default version of the launch template when
            launching instances. The default value is $Default.
    mixed_instances_policy(Dict[str, Any], optional): An embedded object that specifies a mixed instances policy. For more information, see Auto
        Scaling groups with multiple instance types and purchase options in the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
        User Guide. Defaults to None.
        * LaunchTemplate (Dict[str, Any], optional): Specifies the launch template to use and the instance types (overrides) that are used to launch
        EC2 instances to fulfill On-Demand and Spot capacities. Required when creating a mixed instances
        policy.
            * LaunchTemplateSpecification (Dict[str, Any], optional): The launch template to use.
                * LaunchTemplateId (str, optional): The ID of the launch template. To get the template ID, use the Amazon EC2
                    DescribeLaunchTemplates API operation. New launch templates can be created using the Amazon EC2
                    CreateLaunchTemplate API.  Conditional: You must specify either a LaunchTemplateId or a
                    LaunchTemplateName.
                * LaunchTemplateName (str, optional): The name of the launch template. To get the template name, use the Amazon EC2
                    DescribeLaunchTemplates API operation. New launch templates can be created using the Amazon EC2
                    CreateLaunchTemplate API.  Conditional: You must specify either a LaunchTemplateId or a
                    LaunchTemplateName.
                * Version (str, optional): The version number, $Latest, or $Default. To get the version number, use the Amazon EC2
                    DescribeLaunchTemplateVersions API operation. New launch template versions can be created using
                    the Amazon EC2 CreateLaunchTemplateVersion API. If the value is $Latest, Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
                    selects the latest version of the launch template when launching instances. If the value is
                    $Default, Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling selects the default version of the launch template when
                    launching instances. The default value is $Default.
            * Overrides (List[Dict[str, Any]], optional): Any properties that you specify override the same properties in the launch template. If not
                provided, Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling uses the instance type or instance type requirements specified
                in the launch template when it launches an instance. The overrides can include either one or
                more instance types or a set of instance requirements, but not both.
                * InstanceType (str, optional): The instance type, such as m3.xlarge. You must use an instance type that is supported in your
                    requested Region and Availability Zones. For more information, see Instance types in the Amazon
                    Elastic Compute Cloud User Guide.
                * WeightedCapacity (str, optional): The number of capacity units provided by the instance type specified in InstanceType in terms of
                    virtual CPUs, memory, storage, throughput, or other relative performance characteristic. When a
                    Spot or On-Demand Instance is launched, the capacity units count toward the desired capacity.
                    Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling launches instances until the desired capacity is totally fulfilled, even
                    if this results in an overage. For example, if there are two units remaining to fulfill
                    capacity, and Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling can only launch an instance with a WeightedCapacity of
                    five units, the instance is launched, and the desired capacity is exceeded by three units. For
                    more information, see Configuring instance weighting for Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling in the Amazon
                    EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide. Value must be in the range of 1–999.
                * LaunchTemplateSpecification (Dict[str, Any], optional): Provides a launch template for the specified instance type or instance requirements. For
                    example, some instance types might require a launch template with a different AMI. If not
                    provided, Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling uses the launch template that's defined for your mixed
                    instances policy. For more information, see Specifying a different launch template for an
                    instance type in the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide.
                    * LaunchTemplateId (str, optional): The ID of the launch template. To get the template ID, use the Amazon EC2
                        DescribeLaunchTemplates API operation. New launch templates can be created using the Amazon EC2
                        CreateLaunchTemplate API.  Conditional: You must specify either a LaunchTemplateId or a
                        LaunchTemplateName.
                    * LaunchTemplateName (str, optional): The name of the launch template. To get the template name, use the Amazon EC2
                        DescribeLaunchTemplates API operation. New launch templates can be created using the Amazon EC2
                        CreateLaunchTemplate API.  Conditional: You must specify either a LaunchTemplateId or a
                        LaunchTemplateName.
                    * Version (str, optional): The version number, $Latest, or $Default. To get the version number, use the Amazon EC2
                        DescribeLaunchTemplateVersions API operation. New launch template versions can be created using
                        the Amazon EC2 CreateLaunchTemplateVersion API. If the value is $Latest, Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
                        selects the latest version of the launch template when launching instances. If the value is
                        $Default, Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling selects the default version of the launch template when
                        launching instances. The default value is $Default.
                * InstanceRequirements (Dict[str, Any], optional): The instance requirements. When you specify instance requirements, Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling finds
                    instance types that satisfy your requirements, and then uses your On-Demand and Spot allocation
                    strategies to launch instances from these instance types, in the same way as when you specify a
                    list of specific instance types.
                    * VCpuCount (Dict[str, Any]): The minimum and maximum number of vCPUs for an instance type.
                        * Min (int): The minimum number of vCPUs.
                        * Max (int, optional): The maximum number of vCPUs.
                    * MemoryMiB (Dict[str, Any]): The minimum and maximum instance memory size for an instance type, in MiB.
                        * Min (int): The memory minimum in MiB.
                        * Max (int, optional): The memory maximum in MiB.
                    * CpuManufacturers (List[str], optional): Lists which specific CPU manufacturers to include.   For instance types with Intel CPUs, specify
                        intel.   For instance types with AMD CPUs, specify amd.   For instance types with Amazon Web
                        Services CPUs, specify amazon-web-services.    Don't confuse the CPU hardware manufacturer with
                        the CPU hardware architecture. Instances will be launched with a compatible CPU architecture
                        based on the Amazon Machine Image (AMI) that you specify in your launch template.   Default: Any
                        manufacturer
                    * MemoryGiBPerVCpu (Dict[str, Any], optional): The minimum and maximum amount of memory per vCPU for an instance type, in GiB. Default: No
                        minimum or maximum
                        * Min (float, optional): The memory minimum in GiB.
                        * Max (float, optional): The memory maximum in GiB.
                    * ExcludedInstanceTypes (List[str], optional): Lists which instance types to exclude. You can use strings with one or more wild cards,
                        represented by an asterisk (*). The following are examples: c5*, m5a.*, r*, *3*.  For example,
                        if you specify c5*, you are excluding the entire C5 instance family, which includes all C5a and
                        C5n instance types. If you specify m5a.*, you are excluding all the M5a instance types, but not
                        the M5n instance types. Default: No excluded instance types
                    * InstanceGenerations (List[str], optional): Indicates whether current or previous generation instance types are included.   For current
                        generation instance types, specify current. The current generation includes EC2 instance types
                        currently recommended for use. This typically includes the latest two to three generations in
                        each instance family. For more information, see Instance types in the Amazon EC2 User Guide for
                        Linux Instances.   For previous generation instance types, specify previous.   Default: Any
                        current or previous generation
                    * SpotMaxPricePercentageOverLowestPrice (int, optional): The price protection threshold for Spot Instances. This is the maximum you’ll pay for a Spot
                        Instance, expressed as a percentage higher than the cheapest M, C, or R instance type with your
                        specified attributes. When Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling selects instance types with your attributes,
                        we will exclude instance types whose price is higher than your threshold. The parameter accepts
                        an integer, which Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling interprets as a percentage. To turn off price
                        protection, specify a high value, such as 999999.  If you set DesiredCapacityType to vcpu or
                        memory-mib, the price protection threshold is applied based on the per vCPU or per memory price
                        instead of the per instance price.  Default: 100
                    * OnDemandMaxPricePercentageOverLowestPrice (int, optional): The price protection threshold for On-Demand Instances. This is the maximum you’ll pay for an
                        On-Demand Instance, expressed as a percentage higher than the cheapest M, C, or R instance type
                        with your specified attributes. When Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling selects instance types with your
                        attributes, we will exclude instance types whose price is higher than your threshold. The
                        parameter accepts an integer, which Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling interprets as a percentage. To turn
                        off price protection, specify a high value, such as 999999.  If you set DesiredCapacityType to
                        vcpu or memory-mib, the price protection threshold is applied based on the per vCPU or per
                        memory price instead of the per instance price.  Default: 20
                    * BareMetal (str, optional): Indicates whether bare metal instance types are included, excluded, or required. Default:
                        excluded
                    * BurstablePerformance (str, optional): Indicates whether burstable performance instance types are included, excluded, or required. For
                        more information, see Burstable performance instances in the Amazon EC2 User Guide for Linux
                        Instances. Default: excluded
                    * RequireHibernateSupport (bool, optional): Indicates whether instance types must provide On-Demand Instance hibernation support. Default:
                        false
                    * NetworkInterfaceCount (Dict[str, Any], optional): The minimum and maximum number of network interfaces for an instance type. Default: No minimum
                        or maximum
                        * Min (int, optional): The minimum number of network interfaces.
                        * Max (int, optional): The maximum number of network interfaces.
                    * LocalStorage (str, optional): Indicates whether instance types with instance store volumes are included, excluded, or
                        required. For more information, see Amazon EC2 instance store in the Amazon EC2 User Guide for
                        Linux Instances. Default: included
                    * LocalStorageTypes (List[str], optional): Indicates the type of local storage that is required.   For instance types with hard disk drive
                        (HDD) storage, specify hdd.   For instance types with solid state drive (SSD) storage, specify
                        sdd.   Default: Any local storage type
                    * TotalLocalStorageGB (Dict[str, Any], optional): The minimum and maximum total local storage size for an instance type, in GB. Default: No
                        minimum or maximum
                        * Min (float, optional): The storage minimum in GB.
                        * Max (float, optional): The storage maximum in GB.
                    * BaselineEbsBandwidthMbps (Dict[str, Any], optional): The minimum and maximum baseline bandwidth performance for an instance type, in Mbps. For more
                        information, see Amazon EBS–optimized instances in the Amazon EC2 User Guide for Linux
                        Instances. Default: No minimum or maximum
                        * Min (int, optional): The minimum value in Mbps.
                        * Max (int, optional): The maximum value in Mbps.
                    * AcceleratorTypes (List[str], optional): Lists the accelerator types that must be on an instance type.   For instance types with GPU
                        accelerators, specify gpu.   For instance types with FPGA accelerators, specify fpga.   For
                        instance types with inference accelerators, specify inference.   Default: Any accelerator type
                    * AcceleratorCount (Dict[str, Any], optional): The minimum and maximum number of accelerators (GPUs, FPGAs, or Amazon Web Services Inferentia
                        chips) for an instance type. To exclude accelerator-enabled instance types, set Max to 0.
                        Default: No minimum or maximum
                        * Min (int, optional): The minimum value.
                        * Max (int, optional): The maximum value.
                    * AcceleratorManufacturers (List[str], optional): Indicates whether instance types must have accelerators by specific manufacturers.   For
                        instance types with NVIDIA devices, specify nvidia.   For instance types with AMD devices,
                        specify amd.   For instance types with Amazon Web Services devices, specify amazon-web-services.
                        For instance types with Xilinx devices, specify xilinx.   Default: Any manufacturer
                    * AcceleratorNames (List[str], optional): Lists the accelerators that must be on an instance type.   For instance types with NVIDIA A100
                        GPUs, specify a100.   For instance types with NVIDIA V100 GPUs, specify v100.   For instance
                        types with NVIDIA K80 GPUs, specify k80.   For instance types with NVIDIA T4 GPUs, specify t4.
                        For instance types with NVIDIA M60 GPUs, specify m60.   For instance types with AMD Radeon Pro
                        V520 GPUs, specify radeon-pro-v520.   For instance types with Xilinx VU9P FPGAs, specify vu9p.
                        Default: Any accelerator
                    * AcceleratorTotalMemoryMiB (Dict[str, Any], optional): The minimum and maximum total memory size for the accelerators on an instance type, in MiB.
                        Default: No minimum or maximum
                        * Min (int, optional): The memory minimum in MiB.
                        * Max (int, optional): The memory maximum in MiB.
        * InstancesDistribution (Dict[str, Any], optional): Specifies the instances distribution.
            * OnDemandAllocationStrategy (str, optional): The order of the launch template overrides to use in fulfilling On-Demand capacity.  If you
                specify lowest-price, Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling uses price to determine the order, launching the
                lowest price first.  If you specify prioritized, Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling uses the priority that
                you assigned to each launch template override, launching the highest priority first. If all your
                On-Demand capacity cannot be fulfilled using your highest priority instance, then Amazon EC2
                Auto Scaling launches the remaining capacity using the second priority instance type, and so on.
                Default: lowest-price for Auto Scaling groups that specify InstanceRequirements in the overrides
                and prioritized for Auto Scaling groups that don't.
            * OnDemandBaseCapacity (int, optional): The minimum amount of the Auto Scaling group's capacity that must be fulfilled by On-Demand
                Instances. This base portion is launched first as your group scales. If you specify weights for
                the instance types in the overrides, the base capacity is measured in the same unit of
                measurement as the instance types. If you specify InstanceRequirements in the overrides, the
                base capacity is measured in the same unit of measurement as your group's desired capacity.
                Default: 0
            * OnDemandPercentageAboveBaseCapacity (int, optional): Controls the percentages of On-Demand Instances and Spot Instances for your additional capacity
                beyond OnDemandBaseCapacity. Expressed as a number (for example, 20 specifies 20% On-Demand
                Instances, 80% Spot Instances). If set to 100, only On-Demand Instances are used. Default: 100
            * SpotAllocationStrategy (str, optional): Indicates how to allocate instances across Spot Instance pools.  If the allocation strategy is
                lowest-price, the Auto Scaling group launches instances using the Spot pools with the lowest
                price, and evenly allocates your instances across the number of Spot pools that you specify.  If
                the allocation strategy is capacity-optimized (recommended), the Auto Scaling group launches
                instances using Spot pools that are optimally chosen based on the available Spot capacity.
                Alternatively, you can use capacity-optimized-prioritized and set the order of instance types in
                the list of launch template overrides from highest to lowest priority (from first to last in the
                list). Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling honors the instance type priorities on a best-effort basis but
                optimizes for capacity first.  Default: lowest-price
            * SpotInstancePools (int, optional): The number of Spot Instance pools across which to allocate your Spot Instances. The Spot pools
                are determined from the different instance types in the overrides. Valid only when the Spot
                allocation strategy is lowest-price. Value must be in the range of 1–20. Default: 2
            * SpotMaxPrice (str, optional): The maximum price per unit hour that you are willing to pay for a Spot Instance. If you keep the
                value at its default (unspecified), Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling uses the On-Demand price as the
                maximum Spot price. To remove a value that you previously set, include the property but specify
                an empty string ("") for the value.
    instance_id(Text, optional): The ID of the instance used to base the launch configuration on. If specified, Amazon EC2 Auto
        Scaling uses the configuration values from the specified instance to create a new launch
        configuration. To get the instance ID, use the Amazon EC2 DescribeInstances API operation. For
        more information, see Creating an Auto Scaling group using an EC2 instance in the Amazon EC2
        Auto Scaling User Guide. Defaults to None.
    min_size(int): The minimum size of the group.
    max_size(int): The maximum size of the group.  With a mixed instances policy that uses instance weighting,
        Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling may need to go above MaxSize to meet your capacity requirements. In this
        event, Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling will never go above MaxSize by more than your largest instance
        weight (weights that define how many units each instance contributes to the desired capacity of
        the group).
    desired_capacity(int, optional): The desired capacity is the initial capacity of the Auto Scaling group at the time of its
        creation and the capacity it attempts to maintain. It can scale beyond this capacity if you
        configure auto scaling. This number must be greater than or equal to the minimum size of the
        group and less than or equal to the maximum size of the group. If you do not specify a desired
        capacity, the default is the minimum size of the group. Defaults to None.
    default_cooldown(int, optional): The amount of time, in seconds, after a scaling activity completes before another scaling
        activity can start. The default value is 300. This setting applies when using simple scaling
        policies, but not when using other scaling policies or scheduled scaling. For more information,
        see Scaling cooldowns for Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling in the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide. Defaults to None.
    availability_zones(List, optional): A list of Availability Zones where instances in the Auto Scaling group can be created. This
        parameter is optional if you specify one or more subnets for VPCZoneIdentifier. Conditional: If
        your account supports EC2-Classic and VPC, this parameter is required to launch instances into
        EC2-Classic. Defaults to None.
    load_balancer_names(List, optional): A list of Classic Load Balancers associated with this Auto Scaling group. For Application Load
        Balancers, Network Load Balancers, and Gateway Load Balancers, specify the TargetGroupARNs
        property instead. Defaults to None.
    target_group_ar_ns(List, optional): The Amazon Resource Names (ARN) of the target groups to associate with the Auto Scaling group.
        Instances are registered as targets in a target group, and traffic is routed to the target
        group. For more information, see Elastic Load Balancing and Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling in the
        Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide. Defaults to None.
    health_check_type(Text, optional): The service to use for the health checks. The valid values are EC2 (default) and ELB. If you
        configure an Auto Scaling group to use load balancer (ELB) health checks, it considers the
        instance unhealthy if it fails either the EC2 status checks or the load balancer health checks.
        For more information, see Health checks for Auto Scaling instances in the Amazon EC2 Auto
        Scaling User Guide. Defaults to None.
    health_check_grace_period(int, optional): The amount of time, in seconds, that Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling waits before checking the health
        status of an EC2 instance that has come into service and marking it unhealthy due to a failed
        health check. The default value is 0. For more information, see Health check grace period in the
        Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide. Required if you are adding an ELB health check. Defaults to None.
    placement_group(Text, optional): The name of an existing placement group into which to launch your instances, if any. A placement
        group is a logical grouping of instances within a single Availability Zone. You cannot specify
        multiple Availability Zones and a placement group. For more information, see Placement Groups in
        the Amazon EC2 User Guide for Linux Instances. Defaults to None.
    vpc_zone_identifier(Text, optional): A comma-separated list of subnet IDs for a virtual private cloud (VPC) where instances in the
        Auto Scaling group can be created. If you specify VPCZoneIdentifier with AvailabilityZones, the
        subnets that you specify for this parameter must reside in those Availability Zones.
        Conditional: If your account supports EC2-Classic and VPC, this parameter is required to launch
        instances into a VPC. Defaults to None.
    termination_policies(List, optional): A policy or a list of policies that are used to select the instance to terminate. These policies
        are executed in the order that you list them. For more information, see Controlling which Auto
        Scaling instances terminate during scale in in the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide. Defaults to None.
    new_instances_protected_from_scale_in(bool, optional): Indicates whether newly launched instances are protected from termination by Amazon EC2 Auto
        Scaling when scaling in. For more information about preventing instances from terminating on
        scale in, see Using instance scale-in protection in the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide. Defaults to None.
    capacity_rebalance(bool, optional): Indicates whether Capacity Rebalancing is enabled. Otherwise, Capacity Rebalancing is disabled.
        When you turn on Capacity Rebalancing, Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling attempts to launch a Spot
        Instance whenever Amazon EC2 notifies that a Spot Instance is at an elevated risk of
        interruption. After launching a new instance, it then terminates an old instance. For more
        information, see Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling Capacity Rebalancing in the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
        User Guide. Defaults to None.
    lifecycle_hook_specification_list(List[Dict[str, Any]], optional): One or more lifecycle hooks for the group, which specify actions to perform when Amazon EC2 Auto
        Scaling launches or terminates instances. Defaults to None.
        * LifecycleHookName (str): The name of the lifecycle hook.
        * LifecycleTransition (str): The state of the EC2 instance to which you want to attach the lifecycle hook. The valid values
            are:   autoscaling:EC2_INSTANCE_LAUNCHING   autoscaling:EC2_INSTANCE_TERMINATING
        * NotificationMetadata (str, optional): Additional information that you want to include any time Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling sends a message
            to the notification target.
        * HeartbeatTimeout (int, optional): The maximum time, in seconds, that can elapse before the lifecycle hook times out. If the
            lifecycle hook times out, Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling performs the action that you specified in the
            DefaultResult parameter. You can prevent the lifecycle hook from timing out by calling
            RecordLifecycleActionHeartbeat.
        * DefaultResult (str, optional): Defines the action the Auto Scaling group should take when the lifecycle hook timeout elapses or
            if an unexpected failure occurs. The valid values are CONTINUE and ABANDON. The default value is
            ABANDON.
        * NotificationTargetARN (str, optional): The ARN of the target that Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling sends notifications to when an instance is in
            the transition state for the lifecycle hook. The notification target can be either an SQS queue
            or an SNS topic.
        * RoleARN (str, optional): The ARN of the IAM role that allows the Auto Scaling group to publish to the specified
            notification target. Valid only if the notification target is an Amazon SNS topic or an Amazon
            SQS queue. Required for new lifecycle hooks, but optional when updating existing hooks.
    tags(Dict or List, optional): Dict in the format of {tag-key: tag-value, propagate_at_launch-{tag-key}: value}
        or list of tags in the format of [{"key": tag-key, "value": tag-value, "propagate_at_launch": value}].
        One or more tags. You can tag your Auto Scaling group and propagate the tags to the Amazon EC2
        instances it launches. Tags are not propagated to Amazon EBS volumes. To add tags to Amazon EBS
        volumes, specify the tags in a launch template but use caution. If the launch template specifies
        an instance tag with a key that is also specified for the Auto Scaling group, Amazon EC2 Auto
        Scaling overrides the value of that instance tag with the value specified by the Auto Scaling
        group. For more information, see Tagging Auto Scaling groups and instances in the Amazon EC2
        Auto Scaling User Guide. Defaults to None.
        * (key): The tag key.
        * (value, optional): The tag value.
        * (propagate_at_launch, optional): Determines whether the tag is added to new instances as they are launched in the group.
    service_linked_role_arn(Text, optional): The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the service-linked role that the Auto Scaling group uses to
        call other Amazon Web Services on your behalf. By default, Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling uses a
        service-linked role named AWSServiceRoleForAutoScaling, which it creates if it does not exist.
        For more information, see Service-linked roles in the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide. Defaults to None.
    max_instance_lifetime(int, optional): The maximum amount of time, in seconds, that an instance can be in service. The default is null.
        If specified, the value must be either 0 or a number equal to or greater than 86,400 seconds (1
        day). For more information, see Replacing Auto Scaling instances based on maximum instance
        lifetime in the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide. Defaults to None.
    context(Text, optional): Reserved. Defaults to None.
    desired_capacity_type(Text, optional): The unit of measurement for the value specified for desired capacity. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
        supports DesiredCapacityType for attribute-based instance type selection only. For more
        information, see Creating an Auto Scaling group using attribute-based instance type selection in
        the Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling User Guide. By default, Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling specifies units,
        which translates into number of instances. Valid values: units | vcpu | memory-mib. Defaults to None.

Request Syntax:
   [auto-scaling-group-resource-id]:
        aws.autoscaling.auto_scaling_group.present:
          - resource_id: 'string'
          - name: 'string'
          - launch_configuration_name: 'string'
          - min_size: 'int'
          - max_size: 'int'
          - desired_capacity: 'int'
          - default_cooldown: 'int'
          - availability_zones: List
          - health_check_type: 'string'
          - health_check_grace_period: 'int'
          - vpc_zone_identifier: 'string'
          - termination_policies: List
          - new_instances_protected_from_scale_in: 'bool'
          - tags: Dict or List


Returns:
    Dict[str, Any]

Examples:

    .. code-block:: sls

        idem-scaling-group:
          aws.autoscaling.auto_scaling_group.present:
          - resource_id: idem-scaling-group
          - name: idem-scaling-group
          - launch_configuration_name: idem-launch_configuration
          - min_size: 2
          - max_size: 4
          - desired_capacity: 2
          - default_cooldown: 300
          - availability_zones:
            - us-west-1b
            - us-west-1c
          - health_check_type: EC2
          - health_check_grace_period: 300
          - vpc_zone_identifier: subnet-xxxxxxx,subnet-xxxxxxx,subnet-xxxxxx
          - termination_policies:
            - Default
          - new_instances_protected_from_scale_in: false
          - tags(tags in list format):
            - key: Identifier
              value: idem-aws
              propagate_at_launch: true
            - key: Name
              propagate_at_launch: false
              value: idem-scaling-group
          - tags(or in dict format):
              Identifier: idem-aws
              propagate_at_launch-Identifier: true
              Name: idem-scaling-group
              propagate_at_launch-Name: false
```
{{< /tab >}}

{{< /tabs >}}


Full plugin documentation is available on the Idem documentation site - [aws.autoscaling.auto_scaling_group](https://docs.idemproject.io/idem-aws/en/latest/ref/states/autoscaling/auto_scaling_group.html).
