---
title: "aws.cloudfront.distribution"
weight: 20
---

{{< tabs "functions" >}}
{{< tab "absent" >}}

```
**Autogenerated function**

Delete a distribution.

Args:
    name(Text): An Idem name of the resource.
    resource_id(Text, Optional): AWS Cloudfront distribution ID. Idem automatically considers this resource being absent if this field is not specified.
    timeout(Dict, optional): Timeout configuration for create/update/deletion of AWS IAM Policy.
        * create (Dict): Timeout configuration for creating AWS IAM Policy
            * delay (int, Optional): The amount of time in seconds to wait between attempts.
            * max_attempts (int, Optional): Customized timeout configuration containing delay and max attempts.
        * update(Dict, optional): Timeout configuration for updating AWS IAM Policy
            * delay (int, Optional): The amount of time in seconds to wait between attempts.
            * max_attempts: (int, Optional) Customized timeout configuration containing delay and max attempts.

Request Syntax:

[distribution-name]:
      aws.cloudfront.distribution.present:
      - name: 'string'
      - resource_id: 'string'
      - timeout:
          create:
            delay: int
            max_attempts: int
          update:
            delay: int
            max_attempts: int


Returns:
    Dict[str, Any]

Examples:

    .. code-block:: sls

        E2QWRUHAPOMQZL:
          aws.cloudfront.distribution.absent:
          - name: E2QWRUHAPOMQZL
          - resource_id: E2QWRUHAPOMQZL
          - timeout:
              create:
                delay: 60
                max_attempts: 35
              update:
                delay: 60
                max_attempts: 35
```
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "describe" >}}

```
Describe the resource in a way that can be recreated/managed with the corresponding "present" function

List CloudFront distributions.

Returns:
    Dict[str, Any]

Examples:

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ idem describe aws.cloudfront.distribution
```
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "present" >}}

```
Creates a new web distribution. You create a CloudFront distribution to tell CloudFront where you want content
to be delivered from, and the details about how to track and manage content delivery. Send a POST request to the
/CloudFront API version/distribution/distribution ID resource.  When you update a distribution, there are more
required fields than when you create a distribution. When you update your distribution by using
UpdateDistribution, follow the steps included in the documentation to get the current configuration and then
make your updates. This helps to make sure that you include all the required fields. To view a summary, see
Required Fields for Create Distribution and Update Distribution in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.

Args:
    name(Text): An Idem name of the resource.
    resource_id(Text, optional): AWS cloudfront distribution ID.
    caller_reference (Text): A unique value (for example, a date-time stamp) that ensures that the request can't be replayed.
        If the value of CallerReference is new (regardless of the content of the DistributionConfig
        object), CloudFront creates a new distribution. If CallerReference is a value that you already
        sent in a previous request to create a distribution, CloudFront returns a
        DistributionAlreadyExists error.
    aliases(Dict, optional): A complex type that contains information about CNAME (alternate domain names),
                             if any, for this distribution.
        * Quantity (int): The number of CNAME aliases, if any, that you want to associate with this distribution.
        * Items (List[str], optional): A complex type that contains the CNAME aliases, if any, that you want to
                                       associate with this
    default_root_object (Text, optional): The object that you want CloudFront to request from your origin (for example, index.html) when a
        viewer requests the root URL for your distribution (http://www.example.com) instead of an object
        in your distribution (http://www.example.com/product-description.html). Specifying a default
        root object avoids exposing the contents of your distribution. Specify only the object name, for
        example, index.html. Don't add a / before the object name. If you don't want to specify a
        default root object when you create a distribution, include an empty DefaultRootObject element.
        To delete the default root object from an existing distribution, update the distribution
        configuration and include an empty DefaultRootObject element. To replace the default root
        object, update the distribution configuration and specify the new object. For more information
        about the default root object, see Creating a Default Root Object in the Amazon CloudFront
        Developer Guide.
    origins(Dict): A complex type that contains information about origins for this distribution.
            * Quantity (int): The number of origins for this distribution.
            * Items (List[Dict[str, Any]]): A list of origins.
                * Id (str): A unique identifier for the origin. This value must be unique within the distribution. Use this
                    value to specify the TargetOriginId in a CacheBehavior or DefaultCacheBehavior.
                * DomainName (str): The domain name for the origin. For more information, see Origin Domain Name in the Amazon
                    CloudFront Developer Guide.
                * OriginPath (str, optional): An optional path that CloudFront appends to the origin domain name when CloudFront requests
                    content from the origin. For more information, see Origin Path in the Amazon CloudFront
                    Developer Guide.
                * CustomHeaders (Dict[str, Any], optional): A list of HTTP header names and values that CloudFront adds to the requests that it sends to the
                    origin. For more information, see Adding Custom Headers to Origin Requests in the Amazon
                    CloudFront Developer Guide.
                    * Quantity (int): The number of custom headers, if any, for this distribution.
                    * Items (List[Dict[str, Any]], optional):  Optional: A list that contains one OriginCustomHeader element for each custom header that you
                        want CloudFront to forward to the origin. If Quantity is 0, omit Items.
                        * HeaderName (str): The name of a header that you want CloudFront to send to your origin. For more information, see
                            Adding Custom Headers to Origin Requests in the  Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.
                        * HeaderValue (str): The value for the header that you specified in the HeaderName field.
                * S3OriginConfig (Dict[str, Any], optional): Use this type to specify an origin that is an Amazon S3 bucket that is not configured with
                    static website hosting. To specify any other type of origin, including an Amazon S3 bucket that
                    is configured with static website hosting, use the CustomOriginConfig type instead.
                    * OriginAccessIdentity (str): The CloudFront origin access identity to associate with the origin. Use an origin access
                        identity to configure the origin so that viewers can only access objects in an Amazon S3 bucket
                        through CloudFront. The format of the value is: origin-access-identity/cloudfront/ID-of-origin-
                        access-identity  where  ID-of-origin-access-identity  is the value that CloudFront returned in
                        the ID element when you created the origin access identity. If you want viewers to be able to
                        access objects using either the CloudFront URL or the Amazon S3 URL, specify an empty
                        OriginAccessIdentity element. To delete the origin access identity from an existing
                        distribution, update the distribution configuration and include an empty OriginAccessIdentity
                        element. To replace the origin access identity, update the distribution configuration and
                        specify the new origin access identity. For more information about the origin access identity,
                        see Serving Private Content through CloudFront in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.
                * CustomOriginConfig (Dict[str, Any], optional): Use this type to specify an origin that is not an Amazon S3 bucket, with one exception. If the
                    Amazon S3 bucket is configured with static website hosting, use this type. If the Amazon S3
                    bucket is not configured with static website hosting, use the S3OriginConfig type instead.
                    * HTTPPort (int): The HTTP port that CloudFront uses to connect to the origin. Specify the HTTP port that the
                        origin listens on.
                    * HTTPSPort (int): The HTTPS port that CloudFront uses to connect to the origin. Specify the HTTPS port that the
                        origin listens on.
                    * OriginProtocolPolicy (str): Specifies the protocol (HTTP or HTTPS) that CloudFront uses to connect to the origin. Valid
                        values are:
                            http-only – CloudFront always uses HTTP to connect to the origin.
                            match-viewer – CloudFront connects to the origin using the same protocol that the viewer used to connect to
                                CloudFront.
                            https-only – CloudFront always uses HTTPS to connect to the origin.
                    * OriginSslProtocols (Dict[str, Any], optional): Specifies the minimum SSL/TLS protocol that CloudFront uses when connecting to your origin over
                        HTTPS. Valid values include SSLv3, TLSv1, TLSv1.1, and TLSv1.2. For more information, see
                        Minimum Origin SSL Protocol in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.
                        * Quantity (int): The number of SSL/TLS protocols that you want to allow CloudFront to use when establishing an
                            HTTPS connection with this origin.
                        * Items (List[str]): A list that contains allowed SSL/TLS protocols for this distribution.
                    * OriginReadTimeout (int, optional): Specifies how long, in seconds, CloudFront waits for a response from the origin. This is also
                        known as the origin response timeout. The minimum timeout is 1 second, the maximum is 60
                        seconds, and the default (if you don’t specify otherwise) is 30 seconds. For more information,
                        see Origin Response Timeout in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.
                    * OriginKeepaliveTimeout (int, optional): Specifies how long, in seconds, CloudFront persists its connection to the origin. The minimum
                        timeout is 1 second, the maximum is 60 seconds, and the default (if you don’t specify otherwise)
                        is 5 seconds. For more information, see Origin Keep-alive Timeout in the Amazon CloudFront
                        Developer Guide.
                * ConnectionAttempts (int, optional): The number of times that CloudFront attempts to connect to the origin. The minimum number is 1,
                    the maximum is 3, and the default (if you don’t specify otherwise) is 3. For a custom origin
                    (including an Amazon S3 bucket that’s configured with static website hosting), this value also
                    specifies the number of times that CloudFront attempts to get a response from the origin, in the
                    case of an Origin Response Timeout. For more information, see Origin Connection Attempts in the
                    Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.
                * ConnectionTimeout (int, optional): The number of seconds that CloudFront waits when trying to establish a connection to the origin.
                    The minimum timeout is 1 second, the maximum is 10 seconds, and the default (if you don’t
                    specify otherwise) is 10 seconds. For more information, see Origin Connection Timeout in the
                    Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.
                * OriginShield (Dict[str, Any], optional): CloudFront Origin Shield. Using Origin Shield can help reduce the load on your origin. For more
                    information, see Using Origin Shield in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.
                    * Enabled (bool): A flag that specifies whether Origin Shield is enabled. When it’s enabled, CloudFront routes all
                        requests through Origin Shield, which can help protect your origin. When it’s disabled,
                        CloudFront might send requests directly to your origin from multiple edge locations or regional
                        edge caches.
                    * OriginShieldRegion (str, optional): The Amazon Web Services Region for Origin Shield. Specify the Amazon Web Services Region that
                        has the lowest latency to your origin. To specify a region, use the region code, not the region
                        name. For example, specify the US East (Ohio) region as us-east-2. When you enable CloudFront
                        Origin Shield, you must specify the Amazon Web Services Region for Origin Shield. For the list
                        of Amazon Web Services Regions that you can specify, and for help choosing the best Region for
                        your origin, see Choosing the Amazon Web Services Region for Origin Shield in the Amazon
                        CloudFront Developer Guide.
    origin_groups (Dict, optional):  A complex type that contains information about origin groups for this distribution.
            * Quantity (int): The number of origin groups.
            * Items (List[Dict[str, Any]], optional): The items (origin groups) in a distribution.
                * Id (str): The origin group's ID.
                * FailoverCriteria (Dict[str, Any]): A complex type that contains information about the failover criteria for an origin group.
                    * StatusCodes (Dict[str, Any]): The status codes that, when returned from the primary origin, will trigger CloudFront to
                        failover to the second origin.
                        * Quantity (int): The number of status codes.
                        * Items (List[int]): The items (status codes) for an origin group.
                * Members (Dict[str, Any]): A complex type that contains information about the origins in an origin group.
                    * Quantity (int): The number of origins in an origin group.
                    * Items (List[Dict[str, Any]]): Items (origins) in an origin group.
                        * OriginId (str): The ID for an origin in an origin group.
    default_cache_behaviour(Dict): A complex type that describes the default cache behavior if you don't specify a CacheBehavior
        element or if files don't match any of the values of PathPattern in CacheBehavior elements. You
        must create exactly one default cache behavior.
            * TargetOriginId (str): The value of ID for the origin that you want CloudFront to route requests to when they use the
                default cache behavior.
            * TrustedSigners (Dict[str, Any], optional):  We recommend using TrustedKeyGroups instead of TrustedSigners.  A list of Amazon Web Services
                account IDs whose public keys CloudFront can use to validate signed URLs or signed cookies. When
                a cache behavior contains trusted signers, CloudFront requires signed URLs or signed cookies for
                all requests that match the cache behavior. The URLs or cookies must be signed with the private
                key of a CloudFront key pair in a trusted signer’s Amazon Web Services account. The signed URL
                or cookie contains information about which public key CloudFront should use to verify the
                signature. For more information, see Serving private content in the Amazon CloudFront Developer
                Guide.
                * Enabled (bool): This field is true if any of the Amazon Web Services accounts have public keys that CloudFront
                    can use to verify the signatures of signed URLs and signed cookies. If not, this field is false.
                * Quantity (int): The number of Amazon Web Services accounts in the list.
                * Items (List[str], optional): A list of Amazon Web Services account identifiers.
            * TrustedKeyGroups (Dict[str, Any], optional): A list of key groups that CloudFront can use to validate signed URLs or signed cookies. When a
                cache behavior contains trusted key groups, CloudFront requires signed URLs or signed cookies
                for all requests that match the cache behavior. The URLs or cookies must be signed with a
                private key whose corresponding public key is in the key group. The signed URL or cookie
                contains information about which public key CloudFront should use to verify the signature. For
                more information, see Serving private content in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.
                * Enabled (bool): This field is true if any of the key groups in the list have public keys that CloudFront can use
                    to verify the signatures of signed URLs and signed cookies. If not, this field is false.
                * Quantity (int): The number of key groups in the list.
                * Items (List[str], optional): A list of key groups identifiers.
            * ViewerProtocolPolicy (str): The protocol that viewers can use to access the files in the origin specified by TargetOriginId
                when a request matches the path pattern in PathPattern. You can specify the following options:
                    allow-all: Viewers can use HTTP or HTTPS.
                    redirect-to-https: If a viewer submits an HTTP request, CloudFront returns an HTTP status code of 301 (Moved Permanently) to the viewer along
                        with the HTTPS URL. The viewer then resubmits the request using the new URL.
                    https-only: If a viewer sends an HTTP request, CloudFront returns an HTTP status code of 403 (Forbidden).   For
                        more information about requiring the HTTPS protocol, see Requiring HTTPS Between Viewers and
                        CloudFront in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.  The only way to guarantee that viewers
                        retrieve an object that was fetched from the origin using HTTPS is never to use any other
                        protocol to fetch the object. If you have recently changed from HTTP to HTTPS, we recommend that
                        you clear your objects’ cache because cached objects are protocol agnostic. That means that an
                        edge location will return an object from the cache regardless of whether the current request
                        protocol matches the protocol used previously. For more information, see Managing Cache
                        Expiration in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.
            * AllowedMethods (Dict[str, Any], optional): A complex type that controls which HTTP methods CloudFront processes and forwards to your Amazon
                S3 bucket or your custom origin. There are three choices:   CloudFront forwards only GET and
                HEAD requests.   CloudFront forwards only GET, HEAD, and OPTIONS requests.   CloudFront forwards
                GET, HEAD, OPTIONS, PUT, PATCH, POST, and DELETE requests.   If you pick the third choice, you
                may need to restrict access to your Amazon S3 bucket or to your custom origin so users can't
                perform operations that you don't want them to. For example, you might not want users to have
                permissions to delete objects from your origin.
                * Quantity (int): The number of HTTP methods that you want CloudFront to forward to your origin. Valid values are
                    2 (for GET and HEAD requests), 3 (for GET, HEAD, and OPTIONS requests) and 7 (for GET, HEAD,
                    OPTIONS, PUT, PATCH, POST, and DELETE requests).
                * Items (List[str]): A complex type that contains the HTTP methods that you want CloudFront to process and forward to
                    your origin.
                * CachedMethods (Dict[str, Any], optional): A complex type that controls whether CloudFront caches the response to requests using the
                    specified HTTP methods. There are two choices:   CloudFront caches responses to GET and HEAD
                    requests.   CloudFront caches responses to GET, HEAD, and OPTIONS requests.   If you pick the
                    second choice for your Amazon S3 Origin, you may need to forward Access-Control-Request-Method,
                    Access-Control-Request-Headers, and Origin headers for the responses to be cached correctly.
                    * Quantity (int): The number of HTTP methods for which you want CloudFront to cache responses. Valid values are 2
                        (for caching responses to GET and HEAD requests) and 3 (for caching responses to GET, HEAD, and
                        OPTIONS requests).
                    * Items (List[str]): A complex type that contains the HTTP methods that you want CloudFront to cache responses to.
            * SmoothStreaming (bool, optional): Indicates whether you want to distribute media files in the Microsoft Smooth Streaming format
                using the origin that is associated with this cache behavior. If so, specify true; if not,
                specify false. If you specify true for SmoothStreaming, you can still distribute other content
                using this cache behavior if the content matches the value of PathPattern.
            * Compress (bool, optional): Whether you want CloudFront to automatically compress certain files for this cache behavior. If
                so, specify true; if not, specify false. For more information, see Serving Compressed Files in
                the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.
            * LambdaFunctionAssociations (Dict[str, Any], optional): A complex type that contains zero or more Lambda@Edge function associations for a cache
                behavior.
                * Quantity (int): The number of Lambda@Edge function associations for this cache behavior.
                * Items (List[Dict[str, Any]], optional):  Optional: A complex type that contains LambdaFunctionAssociation items for this cache behavior.
                    If Quantity is 0, you can omit Items.
                    * LambdaFunctionARN (str): The ARN of the Lambda@Edge function. You must specify the ARN of a function version; you can't
                        specify an alias or $LATEST.
                    * EventType (str): Specifies the event type that triggers a Lambda@Edge function invocation. You can specify the
                        following values:
                            viewer-request: The function executes when CloudFront receives a request
                                from a viewer and before it checks to see whether the requested object is in the edge cache.
                            origin-request: The function executes only when CloudFront sends a request to your origin. When
                                the requested object is in the edge cache, the function doesn't execute.
                            origin-response: The function executes after CloudFront receives a response from the origin and before it caches the
                                object in the response. When the requested object is in the edge cache, the function doesn't
                                execute.
                            viewer-response: The function executes before CloudFront returns the requested
                                object to the viewer. The function executes regardless of whether the object was already in the
                                edge cache. If the origin returns an HTTP status code other than HTTP 200 (OK), the function
                                doesn't execute.
                    * IncludeBody (bool, optional): A flag that allows a Lambda@Edge function to have read access to the body content. For more
                        information, see Accessing the Request Body by Choosing the Include Body Option in the Amazon
                        CloudFront Developer Guide.
            * FunctionAssociations (Dict[str, Any], optional): A list of CloudFront functions that are associated with this cache behavior. CloudFront
                 functions must be published to the LIVE stage to associate them with a cache behavior.
                * Quantity (int): The number of CloudFront functions in the list.
                * Items (List[Dict[str, Any]], optional): The CloudFront functions that are associated with a cache behavior in a CloudFront distribution.
                    CloudFront functions must be published to the LIVE stage to associate them with a cache
                    behavior.
                    * FunctionARN (str): The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the function.
                    * EventType (str): The event type of the function, either viewer-request or viewer-response. You cannot use origin-
                        facing event types (origin-request and origin-response) with a CloudFront function.
            * FieldLevelEncryptionId (str, optional): The value of ID for the field-level encryption configuration that you want CloudFront to use for
                encrypting specific fields of data for the default cache behavior.
            * RealtimeLogConfigArn (str, optional): The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the real-time log configuration that is attached to this cache
                behavior. For more information, see Real-time logs in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.
            * CachePolicyId (str, optional): The unique identifier of the cache policy that is attached to the default cache behavior. For
                more information, see Creating cache policies or Using the managed cache policies in the Amazon
                CloudFront Developer Guide. A DefaultCacheBehavior must include either a CachePolicyId or
                ForwardedValues. We recommend that you use a CachePolicyId.
            * OriginRequestPolicyId (str, optional): The unique identifier of the origin request policy that is attached to the default cache
                behavior. For more information, see Creating origin request policies or Using the managed origin
                request policies in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.
            * ResponseHeadersPolicyId (str, optional): The identifier for a response headers policy.
            * ForwardedValues (Dict[str, Any], optional): This field is deprecated. We recommend that you use a cache policy or an origin request policy
                instead of this field. For more information, see Working with policies in the Amazon CloudFront
                Developer Guide. If you want to include values in the cache key, use a cache policy. For more
                information, see Creating cache policies or Using the managed cache policies in the Amazon
                CloudFront Developer Guide. If you want to send values to the origin but not include them in the
                cache key, use an origin request policy. For more information, see Creating origin request
                policies or Using the managed origin request policies in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.
                A DefaultCacheBehavior must include either a CachePolicyId or ForwardedValues. We recommend that
                you use a CachePolicyId. A complex type that specifies how CloudFront handles query strings,
                cookies, and HTTP headers.
                * QueryString (bool): This field is deprecated. We recommend that you use a cache policy or an origin request policy
                    instead of this field. If you want to include query strings in the cache key, use a cache
                    policy. For more information, see Creating cache policies in the Amazon CloudFront Developer
                    Guide. If you want to send query strings to the origin but not include them in the cache key,
                    use an origin request policy. For more information, see Creating origin request policies in the
                    Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide. Indicates whether you want CloudFront to forward query
                    strings to the origin that is associated with this cache behavior and cache based on the query
                    string parameters. CloudFront behavior depends on the value of QueryString and on the values
                    that you specify for QueryStringCacheKeys, if any: If you specify true for QueryString and you
                    don't specify any values for QueryStringCacheKeys, CloudFront forwards all query string
                    parameters to the origin and caches based on all query string parameters. Depending on how many
                    query string parameters and values you have, this can adversely affect performance because
                    CloudFront must forward more requests to the origin. If you specify true for QueryString and you
                    specify one or more values for QueryStringCacheKeys, CloudFront forwards all query string
                    parameters to the origin, but it only caches based on the query string parameters that you
                    specify. If you specify false for QueryString, CloudFront doesn't forward any query string
                    parameters to the origin, and doesn't cache based on query string parameters. For more
                    information, see Configuring CloudFront to Cache Based on Query String Parameters in the Amazon
                    CloudFront Developer Guide.
                * Cookies (Dict[str, Any]): This field is deprecated. We recommend that you use a cache policy or an origin request policy
                    instead of this field. If you want to include cookies in the cache key, use a cache policy. For
                    more information, see Creating cache policies in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide. If you
                    want to send cookies to the origin but not include them in the cache key, use an origin request
                    policy. For more information, see Creating origin request policies in the Amazon CloudFront
                    Developer Guide. A complex type that specifies whether you want CloudFront to forward cookies to
                    the origin and, if so, which ones. For more information about forwarding cookies to the origin,
                    see How CloudFront Forwards, Caches, and Logs Cookies in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.
                    * Forward (str): This field is deprecated. We recommend that you use a cache policy or an origin request policy
                        instead of this field. If you want to include cookies in the cache key, use a cache policy. For
                        more information, see Creating cache policies in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide. If you
                        want to send cookies to the origin but not include them in the cache key, use origin request
                        policy. For more information, see Creating origin request policies in the Amazon CloudFront
                        Developer Guide. Specifies which cookies to forward to the origin for this cache behavior: all,
                        none, or the list of cookies specified in the WhitelistedNames complex type. Amazon S3 doesn't
                        process cookies. When the cache behavior is forwarding requests to an Amazon S3 origin, specify
                        none for the Forward element.
                    * WhitelistedNames (Dict[str, Any], optional): This field is deprecated. We recommend that you use a cache policy or an origin request policy
                        instead of this field. If you want to include cookies in the cache key, use a cache policy. For
                        more information, see Creating cache policies in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide. If you
                        want to send cookies to the origin but not include them in the cache key, use an origin request
                        policy. For more information, see Creating origin request policies in the Amazon CloudFront
                        Developer Guide. Required if you specify whitelist for the value of Forward. A complex type that
                        specifies how many different cookies you want CloudFront to forward to the origin for this cache
                        behavior and, if you want to forward selected cookies, the names of those cookies. If you
                        specify all or none for the value of Forward, omit WhitelistedNames. If you change the value of
                        Forward from whitelist to all or none and you don't delete the WhitelistedNames element and its
                        child elements, CloudFront deletes them automatically. For the current limit on the number of
                        cookie names that you can whitelist for each cache behavior, see  CloudFront Limits in the
                        Amazon Web Services General Reference.
                        * Quantity (int): The number of cookie names in the Items list.
                        * Items (List[str], optional): A list of cookie names.
                * Headers (Dict[str, Any], optional): This field is deprecated. We recommend that you use a cache policy or an origin request policy
                    instead of this field. If you want to include headers in the cache key, use a cache policy. For
                    more information, see Creating cache policies in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide. If you
                    want to send headers to the origin but not include them in the cache key, use an origin request
                    policy. For more information, see Creating origin request policies in the Amazon CloudFront
                    Developer Guide. A complex type that specifies the Headers, if any, that you want CloudFront to
                    forward to the origin for this cache behavior (whitelisted headers). For the headers that you
                    specify, CloudFront also caches separate versions of a specified object that is based on the
                    header values in viewer requests. For more information, see  Caching Content Based on Request
                    Headers in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.
                    * Quantity (int): The number of header names in the Items list.
                    * Items (List[str], optional): A list of HTTP header names.
                * QueryStringCacheKeys (Dict[str, Any], optional): This field is deprecated. We recommend that you use a cache policy or an origin request policy
                    instead of this field. If you want to include query strings in the cache key, use a cache
                    policy. For more information, see Creating cache policies in the Amazon CloudFront Developer
                    Guide. If you want to send query strings to the origin but not include them in the cache key,
                    use an origin request policy. For more information, see Creating origin request policies in the
                    Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide. A complex type that contains information about the query
                    string parameters that you want CloudFront to use for caching for this cache behavior.
                    * Quantity (int): The number of whitelisted query string parameters for a cache behavior.
                    * Items (List[str], optional): A list that contains the query string parameters that you want CloudFront to use as a basis for
                        caching for a cache behavior. If Quantity is 0, you can omit Items.
            * MinTTL (int, optional): This field is deprecated. We recommend that you use the MinTTL field in a cache policy instead
                of this field. For more information, see Creating cache policies or Using the managed cache
                policies in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide. The minimum amount of time that you want
                objects to stay in CloudFront caches before CloudFront forwards another request to your origin
                to determine whether the object has been updated. For more information, see Managing How Long
                Content Stays in an Edge Cache (Expiration) in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide. You must
                specify 0 for MinTTL if you configure CloudFront to forward all headers to your origin (under
                Headers, if you specify 1 for Quantity and * for Name).
            * DefaultTTL (int, optional): This field is deprecated. We recommend that you use the DefaultTTL field in a cache policy
                instead of this field. For more information, see Creating cache policies or Using the managed
                cache policies in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide. The default amount of time that you
                want objects to stay in CloudFront caches before CloudFront forwards another request to your
                origin to determine whether the object has been updated. The value that you specify applies only
                when your origin does not add HTTP headers such as Cache-Control max-age, Cache-Control
                s-maxage, and Expires to objects. For more information, see Managing How Long Content Stays in
                an Edge Cache (Expiration) in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.
            * MaxTTL (int, optional): This field is deprecated. We recommend that you use the MaxTTL field in a cache policy instead
                of this field. For more information, see Creating cache policies or Using the managed cache
                policies in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide. The maximum amount of time that you want
                objects to stay in CloudFront caches before CloudFront forwards another request to your origin
                to determine whether the object has been updated. The value that you specify applies only when
                your origin adds HTTP headers such as Cache-Control max-age, Cache-Control s-maxage, and Expires
                to objects. For more information, see Managing How Long Content Stays in an Edge Cache
                (Expiration) in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.
    cache_behaviors(Dict, optional): A complex type that contains zero or more CacheBehavior elements.
            * Quantity (int): The number of cache behaviors for this distribution.
            * Items (List[Dict[str, Any]], optional): Optional: A complex type that contains cache behaviors for this distribution. If Quantity is 0,
                you can omit Items.
                * PathPattern (str): The pattern (for example, images/*.jpg) that specifies which requests to apply the behavior to.
                    When CloudFront receives a viewer request, the requested path is compared with path patterns in
                    the order in which cache behaviors are listed in the distribution.  You can optionally include a
                    slash (/) at the beginning of the path pattern. For example, /images/*.jpg. CloudFront behavior
                    is the same with or without the leading /.  The path pattern for the default cache behavior is *
                    and cannot be changed. If the request for an object does not match the path pattern for any
                    cache behaviors, CloudFront applies the behavior in the default cache behavior. For more
                    information, see Path Pattern in the  Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.
                * TargetOriginId (str): The value of ID for the origin that you want CloudFront to route requests to when they match
                    this cache behavior.
                * TrustedSigners ('TrustedSigners', optional):  We recommend using TrustedKeyGroups instead of TrustedSigners.  A list of Amazon Web Services
                    account IDs whose public keys CloudFront can use to validate signed URLs or signed cookies. When
                    a cache behavior contains trusted signers, CloudFront requires signed URLs or signed cookies for
                    all requests that match the cache behavior. The URLs or cookies must be signed with the private
                    key of a CloudFront key pair in the trusted signer’s Amazon Web Services account. The signed URL
                    or cookie contains information about which public key CloudFront should use to verify the
                    signature. For more information, see Serving private content in the Amazon CloudFront Developer
                    Guide.
                * TrustedKeyGroups ('TrustedKeyGroups', optional): A list of key groups that CloudFront can use to validate signed URLs or signed cookies. When a
                    cache behavior contains trusted key groups, CloudFront requires signed URLs or signed cookies
                    for all requests that match the cache behavior. The URLs or cookies must be signed with a
                    private key whose corresponding public key is in the key group. The signed URL or cookie
                    contains information about which public key CloudFront should use to verify the signature. For
                    more information, see Serving private content in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.
                * ViewerProtocolPolicy (str): The protocol that viewers can use to access the files in the origin specified by TargetOriginId
                    when a request matches the path pattern in PathPattern. You can specify the following options:
                        allow-all: Viewers can use HTTP or HTTPS.
                        redirect-to-https: If a viewer submits an HTTP request, CloudFront returns an HTTP status code of 301 (Moved Permanently) to the viewer along
                            with the HTTPS URL. The viewer then resubmits the request using the new URL.
                        https-only: If a viewer sends an HTTP request, CloudFront returns an HTTP status code of 403 (Forbidden).
                            For more information about requiring the HTTPS protocol, see Requiring HTTPS Between Viewers and
                            CloudFront in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.  The only way to guarantee that viewers
                            retrieve an object that was fetched from the origin using HTTPS is never to use any other
                            protocol to fetch the object. If you have recently changed from HTTP to HTTPS, we recommend that
                            you clear your objects’ cache because cached objects are protocol agnostic. That means that an
                            edge location will return an object from the cache regardless of whether the current request
                            protocol matches the protocol used previously. For more information, see Managing Cache
                            Expiration in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.
                * AllowedMethods ('AllowedMethods', optional): A complex type that controls which HTTP methods CloudFront processes and forwards to your Amazon
                    S3 bucket or your custom origin. There are three choices:   CloudFront forwards only GET and
                    HEAD requests.   CloudFront forwards only GET, HEAD, and OPTIONS requests.   CloudFront forwards
                    GET, HEAD, OPTIONS, PUT, PATCH, POST, and DELETE requests.   If you pick the third choice, you
                    may need to restrict access to your Amazon S3 bucket or to your custom origin so users can't
                    perform operations that you don't want them to. For example, you might not want users to have
                    permissions to delete objects from your origin.
                * SmoothStreaming (bool, optional): Indicates whether you want to distribute media files in the Microsoft Smooth Streaming format
                    using the origin that is associated with this cache behavior. If so, specify true; if not,
                    specify false. If you specify true for SmoothStreaming, you can still distribute other content
                    using this cache behavior if the content matches the value of PathPattern.
                * Compress (bool, optional): Whether you want CloudFront to automatically compress certain files for this cache behavior. If
                    so, specify true; if not, specify false. For more information, see Serving Compressed Files in
                    the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.
                * LambdaFunctionAssociations ('LambdaFunctionAssociations', optional): A complex type that contains zero or more Lambda@Edge function associations for a cache
                    behavior.
                * FunctionAssociations ('FunctionAssociations', optional): A list of CloudFront functions that are associated with this cache behavior. CloudFront
                    functions must be published to the LIVE stage to associate them with a cache behavior.
                * FieldLevelEncryptionId (str, optional): The value of ID for the field-level encryption configuration that you want CloudFront to use for
                    encrypting specific fields of data for this cache behavior.
                * RealtimeLogConfigArn (str, optional): The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the real-time log configuration that is attached to this cache
                    behavior. For more information, see Real-time logs in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.
                * CachePolicyId (str, optional): The unique identifier of the cache policy that is attached to this cache behavior. For more
                    information, see Creating cache policies or Using the managed cache policies in the Amazon
                    CloudFront Developer Guide. A CacheBehavior must include either a CachePolicyId or
                    ForwardedValues. We recommend that you use a CachePolicyId.
                * OriginRequestPolicyId (str, optional): The unique identifier of the origin request policy that is attached to this cache behavior. For
                    more information, see Creating origin request policies or Using the managed origin request
                    policies in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.
                * ResponseHeadersPolicyId (str, optional): The identifier for a response headers policy.
                * ForwardedValues ('ForwardedValues', optional): This field is deprecated. We recommend that you use a cache policy or an origin request policy
                    instead of this field. For more information, see Working with policies in the Amazon CloudFront
                    Developer Guide. If you want to include values in the cache key, use a cache policy. For more
                    information, see Creating cache policies or Using the managed cache policies in the Amazon
                    CloudFront Developer Guide. If you want to send values to the origin but not include them in the
                    cache key, use an origin request policy. For more information, see Creating origin request
                    policies or Using the managed origin request policies in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.
                    A CacheBehavior must include either a CachePolicyId or ForwardedValues. We recommend that you
                    use a CachePolicyId. A complex type that specifies how CloudFront handles query strings,
                    cookies, and HTTP headers.
                * MinTTL (int, optional): This field is deprecated. We recommend that you use the MinTTL field in a cache policy instead
                    of this field. For more information, see Creating cache policies or Using the managed cache
                    policies in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide. The minimum amount of time that you want
                    objects to stay in CloudFront caches before CloudFront forwards another request to your origin
                    to determine whether the object has been updated. For more information, see  Managing How Long
                    Content Stays in an Edge Cache (Expiration) in the  Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide. You must
                    specify 0 for MinTTL if you configure CloudFront to forward all headers to your origin (under
                    Headers, if you specify 1 for Quantity and * for Name).
                * DefaultTTL (int, optional): This field is deprecated. We recommend that you use the DefaultTTL field in a cache policy
                    instead of this field. For more information, see Creating cache policies or Using the managed
                    cache policies in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide. The default amount of time that you
                    want objects to stay in CloudFront caches before CloudFront forwards another request to your
                    origin to determine whether the object has been updated. The value that you specify applies only
                    when your origin does not add HTTP headers such as Cache-Control max-age, Cache-Control
                    s-maxage, and Expires to objects. For more information, see Managing How Long Content Stays in
                    an Edge Cache (Expiration) in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.
                * MaxTTL (int, optional): This field is deprecated. We recommend that you use the MaxTTL field in a cache policy instead
                    of this field. For more information, see Creating cache policies or Using the managed cache
                    policies in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide. The maximum amount of time that you want
                    objects to stay in CloudFront caches before CloudFront forwards another request to your origin
                    to determine whether the object has been updated. The value that you specify applies only when
                    your origin adds HTTP headers such as Cache-Control max-age, Cache-Control s-maxage, and Expires
                    to objects. For more information, see Managing How Long Content Stays in an Edge Cache
                    (Expiration) in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.
    custom_error_responses(Dict, optional): A complex type that controls the following:   Whether CloudFront replaces HTTP status codes in
        the 4xx and 5xx range with custom error messages before returning the response to the viewer.
        How long CloudFront caches HTTP status codes in the 4xx and 5xx range.   For more information
        about custom error pages, see Customizing Error Responses in the Amazon CloudFront Developer
        Guide.
            * Quantity (int): The number of HTTP status codes for which you want to specify a custom error page and/or a
                caching duration. If Quantity is 0, you can omit Items.
            * Items (List[Dict[str, Any]], optional): A complex type that contains a CustomErrorResponse element for each HTTP status code for which
                you want to specify a custom error page and/or a caching duration.
                * ErrorCode (int): The HTTP status code for which you want to specify a custom error page and/or a caching
                    duration.
                * ResponsePagePath (str, optional): The path to the custom error page that you want CloudFront to return to a viewer when your
                    origin returns the HTTP status code specified by ErrorCode, for example, /4xx-
                    errors/403-forbidden.html. If you want to store your objects and your custom error pages in
                    different locations, your distribution must include a cache behavior for which the following is
                    true:   The value of PathPattern matches the path to your custom error messages. For example,
                    suppose you saved custom error pages for 4xx errors in an Amazon S3 bucket in a directory named
                    /4xx-errors. Your distribution must include a cache behavior for which the path pattern routes
                    requests for your custom error pages to that location, for example, /4xx-errors/*.    The value
                    of TargetOriginId specifies the value of the ID element for the origin that contains your custom
                    error pages.   If you specify a value for ResponsePagePath, you must also specify a value for
                    ResponseCode. We recommend that you store custom error pages in an Amazon S3 bucket. If you
                    store custom error pages on an HTTP server and the server starts to return 5xx errors,
                    CloudFront can't get the files that you want to return to viewers because the origin server is
                    unavailable.
                * ResponseCode (str, optional): The HTTP status code that you want CloudFront to return to the viewer along with the custom
                    error page. There are a variety of reasons that you might want CloudFront to return a status
                    code different from the status code that your origin returned to CloudFront, for example:   Some
                    Internet devices (some firewalls and corporate proxies, for example) intercept HTTP 4xx and 5xx
                    and prevent the response from being returned to the viewer. If you substitute 200, the response
                    typically won't be intercepted.   If you don't care about distinguishing among different client
                    errors or server errors, you can specify 400 or 500 as the ResponseCode for all 4xx or 5xx
                    errors.   You might want to return a 200 status code (OK) and static website so your customers
                    don't know that your website is down.   If you specify a value for ResponseCode, you must also
                    specify a value for ResponsePagePath.
                * ErrorCachingMinTTL (int, optional): The minimum amount of time, in seconds, that you want CloudFront to cache the HTTP status code
                    specified in ErrorCode. When this time period has elapsed, CloudFront queries your origin to see
                    whether the problem that caused the error has been resolved and the requested object is now
                    available. For more information, see Customizing Error Responses in the Amazon CloudFront
                    Developer Guide.
    comment(Text): An optional comment to describe the distribution. The comment cannot be longer than 128
        characters.
    logging(Dict, optional): A complex type that controls whether access logs are written for the distribution. For more
        information about logging, see Access Logs in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.
            * Enabled (bool): Specifies whether you want CloudFront to save access logs to an Amazon S3 bucket. If you don't
                want to enable logging when you create a distribution or if you want to disable logging for an
                existing distribution, specify false for Enabled, and specify empty Bucket and Prefix elements.
                If you specify false for Enabled but you specify values for Bucket, prefix, and IncludeCookies,
                the values are automatically deleted.
            * IncludeCookies (bool): Specifies whether you want CloudFront to include cookies in access logs, specify true for
                IncludeCookies. If you choose to include cookies in logs, CloudFront logs all cookies regardless
                of how you configure the cache behaviors for this distribution. If you don't want to include
                cookies when you create a distribution or if you want to disable include cookies for an existing
                distribution, specify false for IncludeCookies.
            * Bucket (str): The Amazon S3 bucket to store the access logs in, for example, myawslogbucket.s3.amazonaws.com.
            * Prefix (str): An optional string that you want CloudFront to prefix to the access log filenames for this
                distribution, for example, myprefix/. If you want to enable logging, but you don't want to
                specify a prefix, you still must include an empty Prefix element in the Logging element.
    price_class (Text, optional): The price class that corresponds with the maximum price that you want to pay for CloudFront
        service. If you specify PriceClass_All, CloudFront responds to requests for your objects from
        all CloudFront edge locations. If you specify a price class other than PriceClass_All,
        CloudFront serves your objects from the CloudFront edge location that has the lowest latency
        among the edge locations in your price class. Viewers who are in or near regions that are
        excluded from your specified price class may encounter slower performance. For more information
        about price classes, see Choosing the Price Class for a CloudFront Distribution in the Amazon
        CloudFront Developer Guide. For information about CloudFront pricing, including how price
        classes (such as Price Class 100) map to CloudFront regions, see Amazon CloudFront Pricing.
    enabled(bool): From this field, you can enable or disable the selected distribution.
    viewer_certificate(Dict, optional): complex type that determines the distribution’s SSL/TLS configuration for communicating with
        viewers.
            * CloudFrontDefaultCertificate (bool, optional): If the distribution uses the CloudFront domain name such as d111111abcdef8.cloudfront.net, set
                this field to true. If the distribution uses Aliases (alternate domain names or CNAMEs), set
                this field to false and specify values for the following fields:    ACMCertificateArn or
                IAMCertificateId (specify a value for one, not both)    MinimumProtocolVersion
                SSLSupportMethod
            * IAMCertificateId (str, optional): If the distribution uses Aliases (alternate domain names or CNAMEs) and the SSL/TLS certificate
                is stored in Identity and Access Management (IAM), provide the ID of the IAM certificate. If you
                specify an IAM certificate ID, you must also specify values for MinimumProtocolVersion and
                SSLSupportMethod.
            * ACMCertificateArn (str, optional): If the distribution uses Aliases (alternate domain names or CNAMEs) and the SSL/TLS certificate
                is stored in Certificate Manager (ACM), provide the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the ACM
                certificate. CloudFront only supports ACM certificates in the US East (N. Virginia) Region (us-
                east-1). If you specify an ACM certificate ARN, you must also specify values for
                MinimumProtocolVersion and SSLSupportMethod.
            * SSLSupportMethod (str, optional): If the distribution uses Aliases (alternate domain names or CNAMEs), specify which viewers the
                distribution accepts HTTPS connections from.    sni-only – The distribution accepts HTTPS
                connections from only viewers that support server name indication (SNI). This is recommended.
                Most browsers and clients support SNI.    vip – The distribution accepts HTTPS connections from
                all viewers including those that don’t support SNI. This is not recommended, and results in
                additional monthly charges from CloudFront.    static-ip - Do not specify this value unless your
                distribution has been enabled for this feature by the CloudFront team. If you have a use case
                that requires static IP addresses for a distribution, contact CloudFront through the Amazon Web
                Services Support Center.   If the distribution uses the CloudFront domain name such as
                d111111abcdef8.cloudfront.net, don’t set a value for this field.
            * MinimumProtocolVersion (str, optional): If the distribution uses Aliases (alternate domain names or CNAMEs), specify the security policy
                that you want CloudFront to use for HTTPS connections with viewers. The security policy
                determines two settings:   The minimum SSL/TLS protocol that CloudFront can use to communicate
                with viewers.   The ciphers that CloudFront can use to encrypt the content that it returns to
                viewers.   For more information, see Security Policy and Supported Protocols and Ciphers Between
                Viewers and CloudFront in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.  On the CloudFront console,
                this setting is called Security Policy.  When you’re using SNI only (you set SSLSupportMethod to
                sni-only), you must specify TLSv1 or higher. If the distribution uses the CloudFront domain name
                such as d111111abcdef8.cloudfront.net (you set CloudFrontDefaultCertificate to true), CloudFront
                automatically sets the security policy to TLSv1 regardless of the value that you set here.
            * Certificate (str, optional): This field is deprecated. Use one of the following fields instead:
                ACMCertificateArn
                IAMCertificateId
                CloudFrontDefaultCertificate
            * CertificateSource (str, optional): This field is deprecated. Use one of the following fields instead:
                ACMCertificateArn
                IAMCertificateId
                CloudFrontDefaultCertificate
    restrictions(Dict, optional): A complex type that identifies ways in which you want to restrict distribution of your content.
            * GeoRestriction (Dict[str, Any]): A complex type that controls the countries in which your content is distributed. CloudFront
                determines the location of your users using MaxMind GeoIP databases.
                * RestrictionType (str): The method that you want to use to restrict distribution of your content by country:    none: No
                    geo restriction is enabled, meaning access to content is not restricted by client geo location.
                    blacklist: The Location elements specify the countries in which you don't want CloudFront to
                    distribute your content.    whitelist: The Location elements specify the countries in which you
                    want CloudFront to distribute your content.
                * Quantity (int): When geo restriction is enabled, this is the number of countries in your whitelist or blacklist.
                    Otherwise, when it is not enabled, Quantity is 0, and you can omit Items.
                * Items (List[str], optional):  A complex type that contains a Location element for each country in which you want CloudFront
                    either to distribute your content (whitelist) or not distribute your content (blacklist). The
                    Location element is a two-letter, uppercase country code for a country that you want to include
                    in your blacklist or whitelist. Include one Location element for each country. CloudFront and
                    MaxMind both use ISO 3166 country codes. For the current list of countries and the corresponding
                    codes, see ISO 3166-1-alpha-2 code on the International Organization for Standardization
                    website. You can also refer to the country list on the CloudFront console, which includes both
                    country names and codes.
    web_acl_id (Text, optional): A unique identifier that specifies the WAF web ACL, if any, to associate with this distribution.
        To specify a web ACL created using the latest version of WAF, use the ACL ARN, for example
        arn:aws:wafv2:us-
        east-1:123456789012:global/webacl/ExampleWebACL/473e64fd-f30b-4765-81a0-62ad96dd167a. To specify
        a web ACL created using WAF Classic, use the ACL ID, for example
        473e64fd-f30b-4765-81a0-62ad96dd167a. WAF is a web application firewall that lets you monitor
        the HTTP and HTTPS requests that are forwarded to CloudFront, and lets you control access to
        your content. Based on conditions that you specify, such as the IP addresses that requests
        originate from or the values of query strings, CloudFront responds to requests either with the
        requested content or with an HTTP 403 status code (Forbidden). You can also configure CloudFront
        to return a custom error page when a request is blocked. For more information about WAF, see the
        WAF Developer Guide.
    http_version(Text, optional): Specify the maximum HTTP version that you want viewers to use to communicate with
        CloudFront. The default value for new web distributions is http2. Viewers that don't support
        HTTP/2 automatically use an earlier HTTP version. For viewers and CloudFront to use HTTP/2,
        viewers must support TLS 1.2 or later, and must support Server Name Identification (SNI). In
        general, configuring CloudFront to communicate with viewers using HTTP/2 reduces latency. You
        can improve performance by optimizing for HTTP/2. For more information, do an Internet search
        for "http/2 optimization."
    is_ipv6_enabled (bool, optional): If you want CloudFront to respond to IPv6 DNS requests with an IPv6 address for your
        distribution, specify true. If you specify false, CloudFront responds to IPv6 DNS requests with
        the DNS response code NOERROR and with no IP addresses. This allows viewers to submit a second
        request, for an IPv4 address for your distribution.  In general, you should enable IPv6 if you
        have users on IPv6 networks who want to access your content. However, if you're using signed
        URLs or signed cookies to restrict access to your content, and if you're using a custom policy
        that includes the IpAddress parameter to restrict the IP addresses that can access your content,
        don't enable IPv6. If you want to restrict access to some content by IP address and not restrict
        access to other content (or restrict access but not by IP address), you can create two
        distributions. For more information, see Creating a Signed URL Using a Custom Policy in the
        Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide. If you're using an Route 53 Amazon Web Services Integration
        alias resource record set to route traffic to your CloudFront distribution, you need to create a
        second alias resource record set when both of the following are true:   You enable IPv6 for the
        distribution   You're using alternate domain names in the URLs for your objects   For more
        information, see Routing Traffic to an Amazon CloudFront Web Distribution by Using Your Domain
        Name in the Route 53 Amazon Web Services Integration Developer Guide. If you created a CNAME
        resource record set, either with Route 53 Amazon Web Services Integration or with another DNS
        service, you don't need to make any changes. A CNAME record will route traffic to your
        distribution regardless of the IP address format of the viewer request.
    tags(Dict, optional): Dict in the format of {tag-key: tag-value}
    timeout(Dict, optional): Timeout configuration for create/update/deletion of AWS IAM Policy.
        * create (Dict): Timeout configuration for creating AWS IAM Policy
            * delay (int, Optional): The amount of time in seconds to wait between attempts.
            * max_attempts (int, Optional): Customized timeout configuration containing delay and max attempts.
        * update(Dict, optional): Timeout configuration for updating AWS IAM Policy
            * delay (int, Optional): The amount of time in seconds to wait between attempts.
            * max_attempts: (int, Optional) Customized timeout configuration containing delay and max attempts.

Request Syntax:

    [distribution-name]:
      aws.cloudfront.distribution.present:
      - name: 'string'
      - resource_id: 'string'
      - caller_reference: 'string'
      - comment: ''
      - origins:
          Items:
          - ConnectionAttempts: 'integer'
            ConnectionTimeout: 'integer'
            CustomHeaders:
              Quantity: 'integer'
            DomainName: 'string'
            Id: 'string'
            OriginPath: 'string'
            OriginShield:
              Enabled: 'Boolean'
            S3OriginConfig:
              OriginAccessIdentity: ''
          Quantity: 'integer'
      - default_cache_behaviour:
          AllowedMethods:
            CachedMethods:
              Items: 'List'
              Quantity: 'integer'
            Items: 'List'
            Quantity: 'integer'
          CachePolicyId: 'string'
          Compress: 'Boolean'
          FieldLevelEncryptionId: ''
          FunctionAssociations:
            Quantity: 'integer'
          LambdaFunctionAssociations:
            Quantity: 'integer'
          SmoothStreaming: 'Boolean'
          TargetOriginId: 'string'
          TrustedKeyGroups:
            Enabled: 'Boolean'
            Quantity: 'integer'
          TrustedSigners:
            Enabled: 'Boolean'
            Quantity: 'integer'
          ViewerProtocolPolicy: 'string'
      - enabled: 'Boolean'
      - logging
          Enabled': 'Boolean'
          IncludeCookies': 'Boolean',
          Bucket': 'string',
          Prefix': 'string'
      - viewer_certificate:
          CertificateSource: 'string'
          CloudFrontDefaultCertificate: 'Boolean'
          MinimumProtocolVersion: 'string'
          SSLSupportMethod: 'string'
      - aliases:
          Quantity: 'integer'
      - price_class: 'string'
      - origin_groups:
          Quantity: 'integer'
      - cache_behaviors:
          Quantity: 'integer'
      - custom_error_responses:
          Quantity: 'integer'
      - restrictions:
          GeoRestriction:
            Quantity: 'integer'
            RestrictionType: 'string'
      - web_acl_id: 'string'
      - http_version: 'string'
      - is_ipv6_enabled: 'Boolean'
      - tags:
          'string': 'string'
      - timeout:
        create:
          delay: 'integer'
          max_attempts: 'integer'
        update:
          delay: 'integer'
          max_attempts: 'integer'



Returns:
    Dict[str, Any]


Examples:

    .. code-block:: sls

        E2QWRUHAPOMQZL:
          aws.cloudfront.distribution.present:
          - name: E2QWRUHAPOMQZL
          - resource_id: E2QWRUHAPOMQZL
          - caller_reference: 7c0ca447-479b-48b2-9260-bc7a4de63478
          - comment: ''
          - origins:
              Items:
              - ConnectionAttempts: 3
                ConnectionTimeout: 10
                CustomHeaders:
                  Quantity: 0
                DomainName: idem-test-distribution-bucket.s3.us-east-1.amazonaws.com
                Id: idem-test-distribution-bucket.s3.us-east-1.amazonaws.com
                OriginPath: ''
                OriginShield:
                  Enabled: false
                S3OriginConfig:
                  OriginAccessIdentity: ''
              Quantity: 1
          - default_cache_behaviour:
              AllowedMethods:
                CachedMethods:
                  Items:
                  - HEAD
                  - GET
                  Quantity: 2
                Items:
                - HEAD
                - GET
                Quantity: 2
              CachePolicyId: 6583eea-f89d-4fab-e63d-7e88ee58f6
              Compress: true
              FieldLevelEncryptionId: ''
              FunctionAssociations:
                Quantity: 0
              LambdaFunctionAssociations:
                Quantity: 0
              SmoothStreaming: false
              TargetOriginId: idem-test-distribution-bucket.s3.us-east-1.amazonaws.com
              TrustedKeyGroups:
                Enabled: false
                Quantity: 0
              TrustedSigners:
                Enabled: false
                Quantity: 0
              ViewerProtocolPolicy: redirect-to-https
          - enabled: false
          - logging
              Enabled': true
              IncludeCookies': true,
              Bucket': idem-test-distribution-bucket,
              Prefix': distribution
          - viewer_certificate:
              CertificateSource: cloudfront
              CloudFrontDefaultCertificate: true
              MinimumProtocolVersion: TLSv1
              SSLSupportMethod: vip
          - aliases:
              Quantity: 0
          - price_class: PriceClass_All
          - origin_groups:
              Quantity: 0
          - cache_behaviors:
              Quantity: 0
          - custom_error_responses:
              Quantity: 0
          - restrictions:
              GeoRestriction:
                Quantity: 0
                RestrictionType: none
          - web_acl_id: ''
          - http_version: http2
          - is_ipv6_enabled: true
          - tags:
              Name: idem-test
          - timeout:
              create:
                delay: 60
                max_attempts: 35
              update:
                delay: 60
                max_attempts: 35
```
{{< /tab >}}

{{< /tabs >}}


Full plugin documentation is available on the Idem documentation site - [aws.cloudfront.distribution](https://docs.idemproject.io/idem-aws/en/latest/ref/states/cloudfront/distribution.html).
