---
title: "aws.rds.db_cluster"
weight: 20
---

{{< tabs "functions" >}}
{{< tab "absent" >}}

```
**Autogenerated function**

The DeleteDBCluster action deletes a previously provisioned DB cluster. When you delete a DB cluster, all
automated backups for that DB cluster are deleted and can't be recovered. Manual DB cluster snapshots of the
specified DB cluster are not deleted. For more information on Amazon Aurora, see  What is Amazon Aurora? in the
Amazon Aurora User Guide.  For more information on Multi-AZ DB clusters, see  Multi-AZ deployments with two
readable standby DB instances in the Amazon RDS User Guide.   The Multi-AZ DB clusters feature is in preview and
is subject to change.

Args:
    hub:
    ctx:
    name(Text): Idem name to identify the resource.
    resource_id(Text, optional): AWS ID to identify the resource.
    skip_final_snapshot(bool, optional): Mention this true if you want to skip creating snapshot default is false.
                               Either this or final_db_snapshot_identifier should be provided
    final_db_snapshot_identifier(Text, optional): Identifier for the created final db_snapshot
    timeout(Dict, optional): Timeout configuration for deletion of AWS DB Cluster.
        * delete (Dict) -- Timeout configuration for deletion of a DB Cluster
            * delay -- The amount of time in seconds to wait between attempts.
            * max_attempts -- Customized timeout configuration containing delay and max attempts.

Returns:
    Dict[str, Any]

Examples:

    .. code-block:: sls

        test-db-cluster:
          aws.rds.db_cluster.absent:
            - resource_id: test-db-cluster,
            - skip_final_snapshot: true
```
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "describe" >}}

```
**Autogenerated function**

Describe the resource in a way that can be recreated/managed with the corresponding "present" function


Returns information about Amazon Aurora DB clusters and Multi-AZ DB clusters. This API supports pagination. For
more information on Amazon Aurora DB clusters, see  What is Amazon Aurora? in the Amazon Aurora User Guide.  For
more information on Multi-AZ DB clusters, see  Multi-AZ deployments with two readable standby DB instances in
the Amazon RDS User Guide.   The Multi-AZ DB clusters feature is in preview and is subject to change.  This
operation can also return information for Amazon Neptune DB instances and Amazon DocumentDB instances.


Returns:
    Dict[str, Any]

Examples:

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ idem describe aws.rds.db_cluster
```
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "present" >}}

```
**Autogenerated function**

Creates a new Amazon Aurora DB cluster or Multi-AZ DB cluster. You can use the ReplicationSourceIdentifier
parameter to create an Amazon Aurora DB cluster as a read replica of another DB cluster or Amazon RDS MySQL or
PostgreSQL DB instance. For cross-Region replication where the DB cluster identified by
ReplicationSourceIdentifier is encrypted, also specify the PreSignedUrl parameter. For more information on
Amazon Aurora, see  What is Amazon Aurora? in the Amazon Aurora User Guide.  For more information on Multi-AZ DB
clusters, see  Multi-AZ deployments with two readable standby DB instances in the Amazon RDS User Guide.   The
Multi-AZ DB clusters feature is in preview and is subject to change.

Args:
    hub:
    ctx:
    name(Text): A name, ID to identify the resource.
    engine(Text): Name of the database engine to be used for this DB cluster
    resource_id(Text, optional): AWS Id of the resource
    availability_zones(List[str], optional): A list of Availability Zones (AZs) where DB instances in the DB cluster can be created. For
        information on Amazon Web Services Regions and Availability Zones, see Choosing the Regions and
        Availability Zones in the Amazon Aurora User Guide. Valid for: Aurora DB clusters only. Defaults to None.
    backup_retention_period(int, optional): The number of days for which automated backups are retained. Default: 1 Constraints:   Must be a
        value from 1 to 35   Valid for: Aurora DB clusters and Multi-AZ DB clusters. Defaults to None.
    character_set_name(str, optional): A value that indicates that the DB cluster should be associated with the specified CharacterSet.
        Valid for: Aurora DB clusters only. Defaults to None.
    database_name(str, optional): The name for your database of up to 64 alphanumeric characters. If you do not provide a name,
        Amazon RDS doesn't create a database in the DB cluster you are creating. Valid for: Aurora DB
        clusters and Multi-AZ DB clusters. Defaults to None.
    db_cluster_identifier(str): The DB cluster identifier. This parameter is stored as a lowercase string. Constraints:   Must
        contain from 1 to 63 letters, numbers, or hyphens.   First character must be a letter.   Can't
        end with a hyphen or contain two consecutive hyphens.   Example: my-cluster1  Valid for: Aurora
        DB clusters and Multi-AZ DB clusters.
    db_cluster_parameter_group_name(str, optional): The name of the DB cluster parameter group to associate with this DB cluster. If you do not
        specify a value, then the default DB cluster parameter group for the specified DB engine and
        version is used. Constraints:   If supplied, must match the name of an existing DB cluster
        parameter group.   Valid for: Aurora DB clusters and Multi-AZ DB clusters. Defaults to None.
    vpc_security_group_ids(List[str], optional): A list of EC2 VPC security groups to associate with this DB cluster. Valid for: Aurora DB
        clusters and Multi-AZ DB clusters. Defaults to None.
    db_subnet_group_name(str, optional): A DB subnet group to associate with this DB cluster. This setting is required to create a Multi-
        AZ DB cluster. Constraints: Must match the name of an existing DBSubnetGroup. Must not be
        default. Example: mydbsubnetgroup  Valid for: Aurora DB clusters and Multi-AZ DB clusters. Defaults to None.
    engine(str): The name of the database engine to be used for this DB cluster. Valid Values:    aurora (for
        MySQL 5.6-compatible Aurora)    aurora-mysql (for MySQL 5.7-compatible and MySQL 8.0-compatible
        Aurora)    aurora-postgresql     mysql     postgres    Valid for: Aurora DB clusters and Multi-
        AZ DB clusters.
    engine_version(str, optional): The version number of the database engine to use. To list all of the available engine versions
        for MySQL 5.6-compatible Aurora, use the following command:  aws rds describe-db-engine-versions
        --engine aurora --query "DBEngineVersions[].EngineVersion"  To list all of the available engine
        versions for MySQL 5.7-compatible and MySQL 8.0-compatible Aurora, use the following command:
        aws rds describe-db-engine-versions --engine aurora-mysql --query
        "DBEngineVersions[].EngineVersion"  To list all of the available engine versions for Aurora
        PostgreSQL, use the following command:  aws rds describe-db-engine-versions --engine aurora-
        postgresql --query "DBEngineVersions[].EngineVersion"  To list all of the available engine
        versions for RDS for MySQL, use the following command:  aws rds describe-db-engine-versions
        --engine mysql --query "DBEngineVersions[].EngineVersion"  To list all of the available engine
        versions for RDS for PostgreSQL, use the following command:  aws rds describe-db-engine-versions
        --engine postgres --query "DBEngineVersions[].EngineVersion"   Aurora MySQL  For information,
        see MySQL on Amazon RDS Versions in the Amazon Aurora User Guide.  Aurora PostgreSQL  For
        information, see Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL releases and engine versions in the Amazon Aurora User
        Guide.  MySQL  For information, see MySQL on Amazon RDS Versions in the Amazon RDS User Guide.
        PostgreSQL  For information, see Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL versions and extensions in the Amazon
        RDS User Guide. Valid for: Aurora DB clusters and Multi-AZ DB clusters. Defaults to None.
    port(int, optional): The port number on which the instances in the DB cluster accept connections.  RDS for MySQL and
        Aurora MySQL  Default: 3306  Valid values: 1150-65535   RDS for PostgreSQL and Aurora PostgreSQL
        Default: 5432  Valid values: 1150-65535  Valid for: Aurora DB clusters and Multi-AZ DB clusters. Defaults to None.
    master_username(str, optional): The name of the master user for the DB cluster. Constraints:   Must be 1 to 16 letters or
        numbers.   First character must be a letter.   Can't be a reserved word for the chosen database
        engine.   Valid for: Aurora DB clusters and Multi-AZ DB clusters. Defaults to None.
    master_user_password(str, optional): The password for the master database user. This password can contain any printable ASCII
        character except "/", """, or "@". Constraints: Must contain from 8 to 41 characters. Valid for:
        Aurora DB clusters and Multi-AZ DB clusters. Defaults to None.
    option_group_name(str, optional): A value that indicates that the DB cluster should be associated with the specified option group.
        DB clusters are associated with a default option group that can't be modified. Defaults to None.
    preferred_backup_window(str, optional): The daily time range during which automated backups are created if automated backups are enabled
        using the BackupRetentionPeriod parameter. The default is a 30-minute window selected at random
        from an 8-hour block of time for each Amazon Web Services Region. To view the time blocks
        available, see  Backup window in the Amazon Aurora User Guide. Constraints:   Must be in the
        format hh24:mi-hh24:mi.   Must be in Universal Coordinated Time (UTC).   Must not conflict with
        the preferred maintenance window.   Must be at least 30 minutes.   Valid for: Aurora DB clusters
        and Multi-AZ DB clusters. Defaults to None.
    preferred_maintenance_window(str, optional): The weekly time range during which system maintenance can occur, in Universal Coordinated Time
        (UTC). Format: ddd:hh24:mi-ddd:hh24:mi  The default is a 30-minute window selected at random
        from an 8-hour block of time for each Amazon Web Services Region, occurring on a random day of
        the week. To see the time blocks available, see  Adjusting the Preferred DB Cluster Maintenance
        Window in the Amazon Aurora User Guide. Valid Days: Mon, Tue, Wed, Thu, Fri, Sat, Sun.
        Constraints: Minimum 30-minute window. Valid for: Aurora DB clusters and Multi-AZ DB clusters. Defaults to None.
    replication_source_identifier(str, optional): The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the source DB instance or DB cluster if this DB cluster is
        created as a read replica. Valid for: Aurora DB clusters only. Defaults to None.
    tags(Dict or List, optional): Dict in the format of {tag-key: tag-value} or List of tags in the format of
        [{"Key": tag-key, "Value": tag-value}] to associate with the DB cluster.
        Each tag consists of a key name and an associated value. Defaults to None.
        * Key (str, optional): The key of the tag. Constraints: Tag keys are case-sensitive and accept a maximum of 127 Unicode
            characters. May not begin with aws:.
        * Value(str, optional): The value of the tag. Constraints: Tag values are case-sensitive and accept a maximum of 256
            Unicode characters.
    storage_encrypted(bool, optional): A value that indicates whether the DB cluster is encrypted. Valid for: Aurora DB clusters and
        Multi-AZ DB clusters. Defaults to None.
    kms_key_id(str, optional): The Amazon Web Services KMS key identifier for an encrypted DB cluster. The Amazon Web Services
        KMS key identifier is the key ARN, key ID, alias ARN, or alias name for the KMS key. To use a
        KMS key in a different Amazon Web Services account, specify the key ARN or alias ARN. When a KMS
        key isn't specified in KmsKeyId:   If ReplicationSourceIdentifier identifies an encrypted
        source, then Amazon RDS will use the KMS key used to encrypt the source. Otherwise, Amazon RDS
        will use your default KMS key.   If the StorageEncrypted parameter is enabled and
        ReplicationSourceIdentifier isn't specified, then Amazon RDS will use your default KMS key.
        There is a default KMS key for your Amazon Web Services account. Your Amazon Web Services
        account has a different default KMS key for each Amazon Web Services Region. If you create a
        read replica of an encrypted DB cluster in another Amazon Web Services Region, you must set
        KmsKeyId to a KMS key identifier that is valid in the destination Amazon Web Services Region.
        This KMS key is used to encrypt the read replica in that Amazon Web Services Region. Valid for:
        Aurora DB clusters and Multi-AZ DB clusters. Defaults to None.
    pre_signed_url(str, optional): A URL that contains a Signature Version 4 signed request for the CreateDBCluster action to be
        called in the source Amazon Web Services Region where the DB cluster is replicated from. Specify
        PreSignedUrl only when you are performing cross-Region replication from an encrypted DB cluster.
        The pre-signed URL must be a valid request for the CreateDBCluster API action that can be
        executed in the source Amazon Web Services Region that contains the encrypted DB cluster to be
        copied. The pre-signed URL request must contain the following parameter values:
            KmsKeyId - The Amazon Web Services KMS key identifier for the KMS key to use to encrypt the copy of the DB
                cluster in the destination Amazon Web Services Region. This should refer to the same KMS key for
                both the CreateDBCluster action that is called in the destination Amazon Web Services Region,
                and the action contained in the pre-signed URL.
            DestinationRegion - The name of the Amazon Web Services Region that Aurora read replica will be created in.
            ReplicationSourceIdentifier - The DB cluster identifier for the encrypted DB cluster to be copied. This identifier must be
                in the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) format for the source Amazon Web Services Region. For example,
                if you are copying an encrypted DB cluster from the us-west-2 Amazon Web Services Region, then
                your ReplicationSourceIdentifier would look like Example: arn:aws:rds:us-
                west-2:123456789012:cluster:aurora-cluster1.
        To learn how to generate a Signature Version 4 signed request, see  Authenticating Requests: Using Query Parameters (Amazon Web Services
        Signature Version 4) and  Signature Version 4 Signing Process.  If you are using an Amazon Web
        Services SDK tool or the CLI, you can specify SourceRegion (or --source-region for the CLI)
        instead of specifying PreSignedUrl manually. Specifying SourceRegion autogenerates a pre-signed
        URL that is a valid request for the operation that can be executed in the source Amazon Web
        Services Region.  Valid for: Aurora DB clusters only. Defaults to None.
    enable_iam_database_authentication(bool, optional): A value that indicates whether to enable mapping of Amazon Web Services Identity and Access
        Management (IAM) accounts to database accounts. By default, mapping isn't enabled. For more
        information, see  IAM Database Authentication in the Amazon Aurora User Guide.. Valid for:
        Aurora DB clusters only. Defaults to None.
    backtrack_window(int, optional): The target backtrack window, in seconds. To disable backtracking, set this value to 0. Default:
        0 Constraints:   If specified, this value must be set to a number from 0 to 259,200 (72 hours).
        Valid for: Aurora MySQL DB clusters only. Defaults to None.
    enable_cloudwatch_logs_exports(List[str], optional): The list of log types that need to be enabled for exporting to CloudWatch Logs. The values in
        the list depend on the DB engine being used.  RDS for MySQL  Possible values are error, general,
        and slowquery.  RDS for PostgreSQL  Possible values are postgresql and upgrade.  Aurora MySQL
        Possible values are audit, error, general, and slowquery.  Aurora PostgreSQL  Possible value is
        postgresql. For more information about exporting CloudWatch Logs for Amazon RDS, see Publishing
        Database Logs to Amazon CloudWatch Logs in the Amazon RDS User Guide. For more information about
        exporting CloudWatch Logs for Amazon Aurora, see Publishing Database Logs to Amazon CloudWatch
        Logs in the Amazon Aurora User Guide. Valid for: Aurora DB clusters and Multi-AZ DB clusters. Defaults to None.
    engine_mode(str, optional): The DB engine mode of the DB cluster, either provisioned, serverless, parallelquery, global, or
        multimaster. The parallelquery engine mode isn't required for Aurora MySQL version 1.23 and
        higher 1.x versions, and version 2.09 and higher 2.x versions. The global engine mode isn't
        required for Aurora MySQL version 1.22 and higher 1.x versions, and global engine mode isn't
        required for any 2.x versions. The multimaster engine mode only applies for DB clusters created
        with Aurora MySQL version 5.6.10a. For Aurora PostgreSQL, the global engine mode isn't required,
        and both the parallelquery and the multimaster engine modes currently aren't supported.
        Limitations and requirements apply to some DB engine modes. For more information, see the
        following sections in the Amazon Aurora User Guide:     Limitations of Aurora Serverless v1
        Limitations of Parallel Query      Limitations of Aurora Global Databases      Limitations of
        Multi-Master Clusters    Valid for: Aurora DB clusters only. Defaults to None.
    scaling_configuration(Dict[str, Any], optional): For DB clusters in serverless DB engine mode, the scaling properties of the DB cluster. Valid
        for: Aurora DB clusters only. Defaults to None.
        * MinCapacity (int, optional): The minimum capacity for an Aurora DB cluster in serverless DB engine mode. For Aurora MySQL,
            valid capacity values are 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64, 128, and 256. For Aurora PostgreSQL, valid
            capacity values are 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64, 192, and 384. The minimum capacity must be less than or
            equal to the maximum capacity.
        * MaxCapacity (int, optional): The maximum capacity for an Aurora DB cluster in serverless DB engine mode. For Aurora MySQL,
            valid capacity values are 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64, 128, and 256. For Aurora PostgreSQL, valid
            capacity values are 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64, 192, and 384. The maximum capacity must be greater than
            or equal to the minimum capacity.
        * AutoPause (bool, optional): A value that indicates whether to allow or disallow automatic pause for an Aurora DB cluster in
            serverless DB engine mode. A DB cluster can be paused only when it's idle (it has no
            connections).  If a DB cluster is paused for more than seven days, the DB cluster might be
            backed up with a snapshot. In this case, the DB cluster is restored when there is a request to
            connect to it.
        * SecondsUntilAutoPause (int, optional): The time, in seconds, before an Aurora DB cluster in serverless mode is paused. Specify a value
            between 300 and 86,400 seconds.
        * TimeoutAction (str, optional): The action to take when the timeout is reached, either ForceApplyCapacityChange or
            RollbackCapacityChange.  ForceApplyCapacityChange sets the capacity to the specified value as
            soon as possible.  RollbackCapacityChange, the default, ignores the capacity change if a scaling
            point isn't found in the timeout period.  If you specify ForceApplyCapacityChange, connections
            that prevent Aurora Serverless v1 from finding a scaling point might be dropped.  For more
            information, see  Autoscaling for Aurora Serverless v1 in the Amazon Aurora User Guide.
        * SecondsBeforeTimeout (int, optional): The amount of time, in seconds, that Aurora Serverless v1 tries to find a scaling point to
            perform seamless scaling before enforcing the timeout action. The default is 300. Specify a
            value between 60 and 600 seconds.
    deletion_protection(bool, optional): A value that indicates whether the DB cluster has deletion protection enabled. The database
        can't be deleted when deletion protection is enabled. By default, deletion protection isn't
        enabled. Valid for: Aurora DB clusters and Multi-AZ DB clusters. Defaults to None.
    global_cluster_identifier(str, optional): The global cluster ID of an Aurora cluster that becomes the primary cluster in the new global
        database cluster. Valid for: Aurora DB clusters only. Defaults to None.
    enable_http_endpoint(bool, optional): A value that indicates whether to enable the HTTP endpoint for an Aurora Serverless v1 DB
        cluster. By default, the HTTP endpoint is disabled. When enabled, the HTTP endpoint provides a
        connectionless web service API for running SQL queries on the Aurora Serverless v1 DB cluster.
        You can also query your database from inside the RDS console with the query editor. For more
        information, see Using the Data API for Aurora Serverless v1 in the Amazon Aurora User Guide.
        Valid for: Aurora DB clusters only. Defaults to None.
    copy_tags_to_snapshot(bool, optional): A value that indicates whether to copy all tags from the DB cluster to snapshots of the DB
        cluster. The default is not to copy them. Valid for: Aurora DB clusters and Multi-AZ DB clusters. Defaults to None.
    domain(str, optional): The Active Directory directory ID to create the DB cluster in. For Amazon Aurora DB clusters,
        Amazon RDS can use Kerberos authentication to authenticate users that connect to the DB cluster.
        For more information, see Kerberos authentication in the Amazon Aurora User Guide. Valid for:
        Aurora DB clusters only. Defaults to None.
    domain_iam_role_name(str, optional): Specify the name of the IAM role to be used when making API calls to the Directory Service.
        Valid for: Aurora DB clusters only. Defaults to None.
    enable_global_write_forwarding(bool, optional): A value that indicates whether to enable this DB cluster to forward write operations to the
        primary cluster of an Aurora global database (GlobalCluster). By default, write operations are
        not allowed on Aurora DB clusters that are secondary clusters in an Aurora global database. You
        can set this value only on Aurora DB clusters that are members of an Aurora global database.
        With this parameter enabled, a secondary cluster can forward writes to the current primary
        cluster and the resulting changes are replicated back to this cluster. For the primary DB
        cluster of an Aurora global database, this value is used immediately if the primary is demoted
        by the FailoverGlobalCluster API operation, but it does nothing until then. Valid for: Aurora DB
        clusters only. Defaults to None.
    db_cluster_instance_class(str, optional): The compute and memory capacity of each DB instance in the Multi-AZ DB cluster, for example
        db.m6g.xlarge. Not all DB instance classes are available in all Amazon Web Services Regions, or
        for all database engines. For the full list of DB instance classes and availability for your
        engine, see DB instance class in the Amazon RDS User Guide. This setting is required to create a
        Multi-AZ DB cluster. Valid for: Multi-AZ DB clusters only. Defaults to None.
    allocated_storage(int, optional): The amount of storage in gibibytes (GiB) to allocate to each DB instance in the Multi-AZ DB
        cluster. This setting is required to create a Multi-AZ DB cluster. Valid for: Multi-AZ DB
        clusters only. Defaults to None.
    storage_type(str, optional): Specifies the storage type to be associated with the DB cluster. This setting is required to
        create a Multi-AZ DB cluster. Valid values: io1  When specified, a value for the Iops parameter
        is required. Default: io1  Valid for: Multi-AZ DB clusters only. Defaults to None.
    iops(int, optional): The amount of Provisioned IOPS (input/output operations per second) to be initially allocated
        for each DB instance in the Multi-AZ DB cluster. For information about valid Iops values, see
        Amazon RDS Provisioned IOPS storage to improve performance in the Amazon RDS User Guide. This
        setting is required to create a Multi-AZ DB cluster. Constraints: Must be a multiple between .5
        and 50 of the storage amount for the DB cluster. Valid for: Multi-AZ DB clusters only. Defaults to None.
    publicly_accessible(bool, optional): A value that indicates whether the DB cluster is publicly accessible. When the DB cluster is
        publicly accessible, its Domain Name System (DNS) endpoint resolves to the private IP address
        from within the DB cluster's virtual private cloud (VPC). It resolves to the public IP address
        from outside of the DB cluster's VPC. Access to the DB cluster is ultimately controlled by the
        security group it uses. That public access isn't permitted if the security group assigned to the
        DB cluster doesn't permit it. When the DB cluster isn't publicly accessible, it is an internal
        DB cluster with a DNS name that resolves to a private IP address. Default: The default behavior
        varies depending on whether DBSubnetGroupName is specified. If DBSubnetGroupName isn't
        specified, and PubliclyAccessible isn't specified, the following applies:   If the default VPC
        in the target Region doesn’t have an internet gateway attached to it, the DB cluster is private.
        If the default VPC in the target Region has an internet gateway attached to it, the DB cluster
        is public.   If DBSubnetGroupName is specified, and PubliclyAccessible isn't specified, the
        following applies:   If the subnets are part of a VPC that doesn’t have an internet gateway
        attached to it, the DB cluster is private.   If the subnets are part of a VPC that has an
        internet gateway attached to it, the DB cluster is public.   Valid for: Multi-AZ DB clusters
        only. Defaults to None.
    auto_minor_version_upgrade(bool, optional): A value that indicates whether minor engine upgrades are applied automatically to the DB cluster
        during the maintenance window. By default, minor engine upgrades are applied automatically.
        Valid for: Multi-AZ DB clusters only. Defaults to None.
    monitoring_interval(int, optional): The interval, in seconds, between points when Enhanced Monitoring metrics are collected for the
        DB cluster. To turn off collecting Enhanced Monitoring metrics, specify 0. The default is 0. If
        MonitoringRoleArn is specified, also set MonitoringInterval to a value other than 0. Valid
        Values: 0, 1, 5, 10, 15, 30, 60  Valid for: Multi-AZ DB clusters only. Defaults to None.
    monitoring_role_arn(str, optional): The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the IAM role that permits RDS to send Enhanced Monitoring
        metrics to Amazon CloudWatch Logs. An example is arn:aws:iam:123456789012:role/emaccess. For
        information on creating a monitoring role, see Setting up and enabling Enhanced Monitoring in
        the Amazon RDS User Guide. If MonitoringInterval is set to a value other than 0, supply a
        MonitoringRoleArn value. Valid for: Multi-AZ DB clusters only. Defaults to None.
    enable_performance_insights(bool, optional): A value that indicates whether to turn on Performance Insights for the DB cluster. For more
        information, see  Using Amazon Performance Insights in the Amazon RDS User Guide. Valid for:
        Multi-AZ DB clusters only. Defaults to None.
    performance_insights_kms_key_id(str, optional): The Amazon Web Services KMS key identifier for encryption of Performance Insights data. The
        Amazon Web Services KMS key identifier is the key ARN, key ID, alias ARN, or alias name for the
        KMS key. If you don't specify a value for PerformanceInsightsKMSKeyId, then Amazon RDS uses your
        default KMS key. There is a default KMS key for your Amazon Web Services account. Your Amazon
        Web Services account has a different default KMS key for each Amazon Web Services Region. Valid
        for: Multi-AZ DB clusters only. Defaults to None.
    performance_insights_retention_period(int, optional): The amount of time, in days, to retain Performance Insights data. Valid values are 7 or 731 (2
        years). Valid for: Multi-AZ DB clusters only. Defaults to None.
    serverless_v2_scaling_configuration(Dict[str, Any], optional): Contains the scaling configuration of an Aurora Serverless v2 DB cluster. For more information,
        see Using Amazon Aurora Serverless v2 in the Amazon Aurora User Guide. Defaults to None.
        * MinCapacity (float, optional): The minimum number of Aurora capacity units (ACUs) for a DB instance in an Aurora Serverless v2
            cluster. You can specify ACU values in half-step increments, such as 8, 8.5, 9, and so on. The
            smallest value that you can use is 0.5.
        * MaxCapacity (float, optional): The maximum number of Aurora capacity units (ACUs) for a DB instance in an Aurora Serverless v2
            cluster. You can specify ACU values in half-step increments, such as 40, 40.5, 41, and so on.
            The largest value that you can use is 128.
    apply_immediately(bool, optional): A value that indicates whether the modifications in this request and any
        pending modifications are asynchronously applied as soon as possible,
        regardless of the PreferredMaintenanceWindow setting for the DB cluster.
        If this parameter is disabled, changes to the DB cluster are applied during the next maintenance window.
        The ApplyImmediately parameter only affects the EnableIAMDatabaseAuthentication,MasterUserPassword and NewDBClusterIdentifier
        values. If the ApplyImmediately parameter is disabled, then changes to the EnableIAMDatabaseAuthentication,
        MasterUserPassword and NewDBClusterIdentifier values are applied during the next maintenance window. All other changes are
        applied immediately,regardless of the value of the ApplyImmediately parameter
    allow_major_version_upgrades(bool, optional): A value that indicates whether major version upgrades are allowed.
    cloudwatch_logs_export_configuration(Dict, optional): The configuration setting for the log types to be enabled
        for export to CloudWatch Logs for a specific DB cluster.
    db_instance_parameter_group_name(Text, optional): The name of the DB parameter group to apply to all instances of
        the DB cluster.
    source_region(str, optional): The ID of the region that contains the source for the db cluster. Defaults to None.
    timeout(Dict, optional): Timeout configuration for create/update of AWS DB Cluster.
        * create (Dict) -- Timeout configuration for creating DB Cluster
            * delay -- The amount of time in seconds to wait between attempts.
            * max_attempts -- Customized timeout configuration containing delay and max attempts.
        * update (Dict) -- Timeout configuration for updating DB Cluster
            * delay -- The amount of time in seconds to wait between attempts.
            * max_attempts -- Customized timeout configuration containing delay and max attempts.

Request Syntax:
    [db-cluster-name]:
      aws.rds.db_cluster.present:
       - availability_zone:'List'
       - backup_retention_period: 'int'
       - database_name: 'string'
       - engine: 'string'
       - engine_version: 'string'
       - port: 'int'
       - master_username: 'string'
       - master_user_password: 'string'
       - preferred_backup_window: 'string'
       - preferred_maintenance_window: 'string'
       - storage_encrypted: 'bool'
       - kms_key_id: 'string'
       - engine_mode: 'string'
       - deletion_protection: 'bool'
       - copy_tags_to_snapshot: 'bool'
       - vpc_security_group_ids: 'List'
       - db_cluster_parameter_group_name: 'string'
       - tags: 'List'


Returns:
    Dict[str, Any]

Examples:

    .. code-block:: sls

        db-cluster-1:
          aws.rds.db_cluster.present:
           - availability_zone:
                - us-east-2b
                - us-east-2c
                - us-east-2a
           - backup_retention_period: 7
           - database_name: dbname123
           - engine: aurora-postgresql
           - engine_version: '12.7'
           - port: 5432
           - master_username: postgres
           - master_user_password: abcd1234
           - preferred_backup_window: 07:41-08:11
           - preferred_maintenance_window: sat:09:29-sat:09:59
           - storage_encrypted: true
           - kms_key_id: arn:aws:kms:us-east-2:537227425989:key/e9e79921-8dda-48d7-afd7-38a64dd8e9b1
           - engine_mode: provisioned
           - deletion_protection: false
           - copy_tags_to_snapshot: true
           - vpc_security_group_ids:
             - sg-f5eeba9c
           - db_cluster_parameter_group_name: default.aurora-postgresql12
           - tags:
             - Key: name
               Value: value
```
{{< /tab >}}

{{< /tabs >}}


Full plugin documentation is available on the Idem documentation site - [aws.rds.db_cluster](https://docs.idemproject.io/idem-aws/en/latest/ref/states/rds/db_cluster.html).
